
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001086                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1086038136                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400288179564                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 427946                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   562151                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  39810                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67619592                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 27280.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11674705267                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15335929998                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        28160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        27008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        26624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        18048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        20864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        81920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        46592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        16640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        45312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        26880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        28032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        27520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        17152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        79104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        77952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        46592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               657536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           43136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       263040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            263040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          220                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          618                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          609                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  5137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2055                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2055                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2710770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     25929108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2946490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     24868372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2710770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     24514793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1296455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     16618201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3182209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     19211112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1532175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     75430132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3653647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     42900888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1296455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     15321746                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3417928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     41722292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3064349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     24750512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2946490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     25811248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2946490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     25339810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1296455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     15793184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1532175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     72837221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1532175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     71776485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3653647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     42900888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               605444669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2710770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2946490                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2710770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1296455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3182209                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1532175                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3653647                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1296455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3417928                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3064349                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2946490                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2946490                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1296455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1532175                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1532175                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3653647                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           39718679                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         242201440                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              242201440                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         242201440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2710770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     25929108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2946490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     24868372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2710770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     24514793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1296455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     16618201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3182209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     19211112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1532175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     75430132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      3653647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     42900888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1296455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     15321746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3417928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     41722292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3064349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     24750512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2946490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     25811248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2946490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     25339810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1296455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     15793184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1532175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     72837221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1532175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     71776485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3653647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     42900888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              847646109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2604409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210367                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172234                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22457                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85471                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79635                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21265                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1032                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2011755                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1201088                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210367                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       100900                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              262496                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         64931                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        68941                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125590                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22187                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2385295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.972701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2122799     89.00%     89.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          27936      1.17%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          32561      1.37%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          17654      0.74%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          19561      0.82%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          11787      0.49%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           7693      0.32%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          20763      0.87%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         124541      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2385295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.080773                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461175                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1994176                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        87175                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          259842                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2393                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        41705                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34200                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          399                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1465967                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2165                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        41705                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1998062                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         16637                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        60644                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          258377                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         9866                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1463754                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2095                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4812                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2035813                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6813081                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6813081                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1703093                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         332707                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          392                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          225                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           28395                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       140797                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        75388                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1901                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15971                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1459551                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          394                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1368475                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1958                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203081                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       477007                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           57                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2385295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1809703     75.87%     75.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230804      9.68%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124731      5.23%     90.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86053      3.61%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75303      3.16%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38442      1.61%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9659      0.40%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6126      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4474      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2385295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           354     11.52%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1379     44.87%     56.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1340     43.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1145772     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21292      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126549      9.25%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74696      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1368475                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.525446                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3073                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002246                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5127275                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1663067                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1343503                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1371548                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3493                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27916                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2322                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        41705                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         11648                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1198                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459951                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140797                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75388                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          226                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          834                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12127                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13189                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25316                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1346535                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118544                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21939                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             193199                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         187589                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            74655                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.517021                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1343592                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1343503                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          799177                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2094819                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.515857                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381502                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       233057                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22402                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2343590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1842512     78.62%     78.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232592      9.92%     88.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97244      4.15%     92.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58287      2.49%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40338      1.72%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26293      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13777      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10907      0.47%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21640      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2343590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1226889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               185944                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              112879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           175550                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1106121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        24959                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        21640                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3781883                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2961615                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32976                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                219114                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1226889                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.604404                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.604404                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.383965                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.383965                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6071919                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1866833                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1366026                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2604409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         196167                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176394                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17122                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       133243                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         129533                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10632                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          517                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2082979                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1117262                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            196167                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       140165                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              248266                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         57022                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        31321                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          127301                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16596                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2402363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.518042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2154097     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          38630      1.61%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          18520      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          38258      1.59%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          10610      0.44%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          35868      1.49%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           5135      0.21%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           8468      0.35%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          92777      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2402363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075321                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.428989                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2040948                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        74104                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          247622                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          268                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        39418                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        17269                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1239946                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1666                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        39418                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2045851                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         47382                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        13073                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          243411                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        13225                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1237194                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents          973                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        11446                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1611957                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5591272                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5591272                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1269996                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         341941                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           25784                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       232757                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        33316                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          344                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         7425                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1228822                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1138425                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1139                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       247045                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       520002                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2402363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083487                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1902869     79.21%     79.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153947      6.41%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       170946      7.12%     92.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98577      4.10%     96.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48807      2.03%     98.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12617      0.53%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13961      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          336      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          303      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2402363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1912     57.56%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          795     23.93%     81.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          615     18.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       886888     77.90%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8179      0.72%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       210443     18.49%     97.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32841      2.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1138425                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.437115                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3322                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002918                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4683674                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1476053                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1106952                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1141747                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          939                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51508                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           23                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1327                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        39418                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         27108                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1575                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1228991                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          174                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       232757                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33316                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          416                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           23                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10669                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7400                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        18069                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1123112                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       207251                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15313                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             240068                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         171174                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            32817                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.431235                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1107304                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1106952                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          672254                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1428961                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.425030                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.470450                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       877705                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       979541                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249509                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        16830                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2362945                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2002909     84.76%     84.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138354      5.86%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91765      3.88%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28197      1.19%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49456      2.09%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8805      0.37%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5757      0.24%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4941      0.21%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32761      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2362945                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       877705                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       979541                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               213234                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              181245                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           151212                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          853159                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        11349                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        32761                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3559221                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2497557                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 48049                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                202046                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            877705                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              979541                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       877705                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.967294                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.967294                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.337007                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.337007                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5232653                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1434574                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1328433                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2604409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         210945                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172607                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22291                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86158                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80192                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21392                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1034                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2015117                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1204352                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            210945                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       101584                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              263352                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         64138                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        68582                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          125657                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22004                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2388529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.973335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2125177     88.97%     88.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          27979      1.17%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          32545      1.36%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          17866      0.75%     92.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          19924      0.83%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          11757      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           7754      0.32%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          20837      0.87%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         124690      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2388529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.080995                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.462428                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1998172                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        86194                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          260914                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        41078                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        34390                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          401                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1469844                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2199                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        41078                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2001876                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         16446                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        60252                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          259405                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         9468                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1467580                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2093                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4620                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2040780                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6831880                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6831880                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1711823                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         328943                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          386                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          219                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           27405                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       141015                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        75851                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1890                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        16104                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1463416                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          388                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1373800                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1969                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200628                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       470860                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           51                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2388529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1810567     75.80%     75.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       231738      9.70%     85.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125260      5.24%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86538      3.62%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75470      3.16%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38790      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9549      0.40%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6132      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4485      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2388529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           348     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1374     44.67%     55.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1354     44.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1150137     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21399      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127029      9.25%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75069      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1373800                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.527490                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3076                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002239                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5141174                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1664477                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1348905                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1376876                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3450                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27551                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2442                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        41078                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         11578                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1216                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1463811                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           18                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141015                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75851                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          220                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          839                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12123                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13041                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        25164                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1351912                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118998                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21888                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             194017                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         188627                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            75019                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.519086                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1348994                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1348905                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          802458                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2102642                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.517931                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381643                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1005050                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1233161                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230648                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        22229                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2347451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1843769     78.54%     78.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       233621      9.95%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98093      4.18%     92.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58633      2.50%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40422      1.72%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26359      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13804      0.59%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10852      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21898      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2347451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1005050                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1233161                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               186867                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              113458                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           176474                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1111764                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        25094                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        21898                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3789349                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2968717                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 32815                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                215880                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1005050                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1233161                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1005050                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.591323                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.591323                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.385903                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.385903                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6095878                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1874179                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1369985                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2604409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         235511                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196252                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22933                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89140                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83827                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24794                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1042                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2039060                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1291337                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            235511                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       108621                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              268159                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         64797                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        68849                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          128174                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21843                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2417752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035337                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2149593     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          16294      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          20370      0.84%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          32761      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          13460      0.56%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          17767      0.73%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          20324      0.84%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7           9674      0.40%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         137509      5.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2417752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090428                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.495827                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2026842                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        82465                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          266769                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          172                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        41501                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        35567                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1577183                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        41501                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2029482                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles          6288                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        69879                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          264261                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         6334                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1566110                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents          827                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4371                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2189222                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7276382                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7276382                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1798226                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         390996                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          365                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           23403                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       147472                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        75716                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          876                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        17284                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1527252                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          366                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1454202                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1733                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204880                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430428                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2417752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601469                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1802666     74.56%     74.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       279759     11.57%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115091      4.76%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64402      2.66%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86486      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27358      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26793      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14013      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1184      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2417752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10106     79.04%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1367     10.69%     89.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1313     10.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1225918     84.30%     84.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19682      1.35%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          179      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133031      9.15%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75392      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1454202                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.558362                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12786                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008792                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5340675                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1732506                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1414393                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1466988                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          982                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30620                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1398                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        41501                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles          4805                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          649                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1527620                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1196                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147472                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75716                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          561                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12734                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13518                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        26252                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1427299                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130511                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26903                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             205883                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         201357                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            75372                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.548032                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1414412                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1414393                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          847370                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2274503                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.543076                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372552                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1046001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1288992                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238636                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          360                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        22959                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2376251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542448                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1829804     77.00%     77.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       277509     11.68%     88.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100454      4.23%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49998      2.10%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45483      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19275      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19229      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9092      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25407      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2376251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1046001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1288992                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               191170                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              116852                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           186775                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1160612                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        26636                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        25407                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3878472                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3096758                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 32724                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                186657                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1046001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1288992                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1046001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.489872                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.489872                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.401627                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.401627                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6418906                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1979358                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1457045                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2604409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         214572                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175626                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22648                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87374                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82422                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21627                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1045                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2059758                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1200495                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            214572                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       104049                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              249426                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         62502                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        47348                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          127511                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22494                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2396102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.961993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2146676     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          11541      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          18238      0.76%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          24338      1.02%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          25633      1.07%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          21632      0.90%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          11636      0.49%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          18155      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         118253      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2396102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082388                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.460947                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2039159                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        68414                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          248794                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          367                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        39361                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        35061                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1471139                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1279                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        39361                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2045085                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         13085                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        42356                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          243244                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        12962                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1469808                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1626                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         5747                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2051626                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6834071                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6834071                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1749797                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         301828                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          182                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           40638                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       138333                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        73857                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          833                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        18054                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1466975                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1384485                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          292                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178049                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431323                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2396102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1810600     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240442     10.03%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122008      5.09%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92405      3.86%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72163      3.01%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28986      1.21%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18594      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9566      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1338      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2396102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           284     11.54%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          915     37.20%     48.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1261     51.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1164834     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20541      1.48%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          172      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125442      9.06%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73496      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1384485                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.531593                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2460                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001777                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5167824                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1645395                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1361823                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1386945                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2757                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24551                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1446                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        39361                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         10384                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1143                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1467335                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           77                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138333                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73857                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          182                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          962                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12495                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13252                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        25747                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363938                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117889                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20547                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             191361                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         193432                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            73472                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.523703                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1361905                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1361823                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          782500                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2109114                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.522891                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371009                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1020241                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1255475                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211866                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          349                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        22710                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2356741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1841103     78.12%     78.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       255810     10.85%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96755      4.11%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45562      1.93%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38822      1.65%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22457      0.95%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19625      0.83%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8710      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27897      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2356741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1020241                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1255475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               186193                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              113782                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               174                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           181000                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1131216                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        25865                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        27897                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3796172                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2974050                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 32937                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                208307                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1020241                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1255475                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1020241                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.552739                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.552739                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.391736                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.391736                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6136448                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1898590                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1363582                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          348                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2604409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         202050                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164796                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21462                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81939                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76777                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20160                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          951                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1961772                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1195897                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            202050                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        96937                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              245282                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         67193                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        60291                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          122543                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21516                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2312321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628911                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996903                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2067039     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          12939      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          20553      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          31204      1.35%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          12743      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          14838      0.64%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          15672      0.68%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          11272      0.49%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         126061      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2312321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077580                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.459182                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1936844                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        85929                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          243502                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1412                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        44633                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        32763                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          328                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1450281                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        44633                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1941898                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         40884                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        29695                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          239988                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        15214                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1447334                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          741                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2737                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         7720                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1013                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1980752                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6747748                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6747748                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1632171                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         348581                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          311                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          162                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           44937                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       146358                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        80963                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4040                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        15708                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1442502                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          312                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1346934                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1993                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221775                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       508134                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2312321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1738860     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       232118     10.04%     85.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       128688      5.57%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        84691      3.66%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77147      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23650      1.02%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17481      0.76%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5845      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3841      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2312321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           390     11.55%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1431     42.39%     53.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1555     46.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1109342     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24757      1.84%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          149      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133202      9.89%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        79484      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1346934                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.517175                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3376                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002506                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5011558                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1664654                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1321967                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1350310                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6399                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30725                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5247                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1087                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        44633                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         28961                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1630                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1442815                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           18                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146358                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        80963                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          162                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          864                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11561                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13379                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24940                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1326920                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       126160                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20014                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             205503                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         179884                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            79343                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.509490                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1322054                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1321967                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          782605                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1986313                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.507588                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.393999                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       978248                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1192818                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251188                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          300                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        21864                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2267688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1784829     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       229777     10.13%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95475      4.21%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48651      2.15%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36617      1.61%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20802      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12933      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10770      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27834      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2267688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       978248                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1192818                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               191349                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              115633                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           165547                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1078504                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        23259                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        27834                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3683860                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2932655                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 35109                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                292088                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            978248                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1192818                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       978248                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.662320                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.662320                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.375612                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.375612                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6023046                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1806739                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1373835                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2604409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         202403                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182288                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12548                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91065                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70423                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10929                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          546                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2127907                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1270950                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            202403                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        81352                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              250320                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         39729                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        55628                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          123931                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12407                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2460735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606548                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2210415     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1           8609      0.35%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          18201      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3           7478      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          40966      1.66%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          36724      1.49%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           7044      0.29%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          15024      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         116274      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2460735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077716                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.487999                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2115116                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        68905                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          249212                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          845                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        26653                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        17857                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1488991                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1383                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        26653                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2118109                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         47837                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        13319                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          247167                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         7646                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1486724                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2745                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         3098                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           44                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1752530                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6996239                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6996239                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1516217                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         236313                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          187                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          103                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           21464                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       348450                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       175014                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1588                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         8670                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1481381                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          190                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1413417                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1051                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       135919                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       329134                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2460735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1957694     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       151301      6.15%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123717      5.03%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53261      2.16%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67687      2.75%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        65045      2.64%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37155      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3004      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1871      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2460735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3512     10.99%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27612     86.41%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          832      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       889275     62.92%     62.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12219      0.86%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       337610     23.89%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       174229     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1413417                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.542702                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31956                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022609                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5320576                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1617552                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1399115                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1445373                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2538                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17346                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1915                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        26653                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         43785                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1863                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1481579                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       348450                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       175014                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          103                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1249                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6557                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7783                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        14340                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1401968                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       336214                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11449                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             510394                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         183400                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           174180                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.538306                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1399257                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1399115                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          756506                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1492575                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.537210                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.506846                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1126382                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1323427                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       158239                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          174                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        12577                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2434082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366368                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1953611     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       175809      7.22%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82274      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        81159      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21943      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94284      3.87%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7232      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5151      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12619      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2434082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1126382                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1323427                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               504203                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              331104                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           174774                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1176708                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        12760                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        12619                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3903116                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2989996                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 48215                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                143674                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1126382                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1323427                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1126382                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.312190                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.312190                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.432490                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.432490                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6924908                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1629161                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1765920                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2604404                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         235709                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196427                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22957                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89210                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83897                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24809                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1042                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2040436                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1292330                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            235709                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       108706                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              268365                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         64871                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        69636                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          128270                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21868                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2420171                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2151806     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          16304      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          20387      0.84%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          32789      1.35%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          13475      0.56%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          17779      0.73%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          20340      0.84%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9677      0.40%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         137614      5.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2420171                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090504                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.496209                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2028190                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        83279                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          266974                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          174                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        41551                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        35590                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1578391                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        41551                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2030834                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          6389                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        70579                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          264464                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         6347                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1567317                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          835                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4374                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2190955                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7281914                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7281914                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1799451                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         391504                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          365                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           23432                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       147589                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        75754                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          876                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        17286                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1528411                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          366                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1455265                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1733                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205152                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430954                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2420171                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1804663     74.57%     74.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       279936     11.57%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115174      4.76%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64446      2.66%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86548      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27372      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26820      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14025      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1187      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2420171                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10115     79.05%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1367     10.68%     89.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1313     10.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1226833     84.30%     84.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19690      1.35%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          179      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133133      9.15%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75430      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1455265                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.558771                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12795                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008792                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5345229                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1733937                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1415405                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1468060                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          990                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30650                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1394                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        41551                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          4891                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          653                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1528779                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1196                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147589                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75754                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          567                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12749                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13535                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        26284                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1428324                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130609                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26941                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             206019                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         201508                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            75410                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.548426                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1415424                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1415405                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          848006                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2276207                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.543466                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372552                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1046690                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1289846                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238941                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          360                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        22983                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2378620                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361170                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1831835     77.01%     77.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       277675     11.67%     88.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100525      4.23%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50020      2.10%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45508      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19284      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19238      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9099      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25436      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2378620                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1046690                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1289846                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               191299                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              116939                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           186907                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1161367                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        26649                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        25436                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3881971                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3099126                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 32760                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                184233                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1046690                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1289846                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1046690                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.488229                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.488229                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.401892                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.401892                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6423496                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1980842                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1458134                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2604409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         203034                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182878                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12555                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94370                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70678                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10913                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          548                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2128888                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1273219                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            203034                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        81591                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              250988                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         39892                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        54576                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          124038                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12411                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2461492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2210504     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           8736      0.35%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          18470      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3           7517      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          41010      1.67%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          36824      1.50%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           6921      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          14895      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         116615      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2461492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077958                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.488871                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2116020                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        67916                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          249873                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          864                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        26815                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        17907                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1491586                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1380                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        26815                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2118981                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         47308                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        12879                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          247896                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         7609                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1489420                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2864                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         2994                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents            3                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1756116                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7007727                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7007727                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1517629                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         238469                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          181                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           97                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           21302                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       348708                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       175088                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1569                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         8695                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1484120                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          183                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1415127                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1092                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       137343                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       333523                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2461492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1958037     79.55%     79.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       151200      6.14%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123782      5.03%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53512      2.17%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67778      2.75%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        65129      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37181      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3000      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1873      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2461492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3546     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27602     86.29%     97.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          840      2.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       890749     62.94%     62.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12243      0.87%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       337736     23.87%     87.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       174315     12.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1415127                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.543358                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31988                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022604                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5324826                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1621707                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1400716                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1447115                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2563                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17517                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1942                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          123                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        26815                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         43254                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1897                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1484310                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           27                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       348708                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       175088                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           97                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1269                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           16                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6576                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7809                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        14385                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1403610                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       336399                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11517                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             510661                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         183727                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           174262                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.538936                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1400861                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1400716                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          757639                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1494764                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.537825                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.506862                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1127184                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1324416                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       159979                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          173                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        12583                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2434677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366435                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1953629     80.24%     80.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       176158      7.24%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82391      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        81259      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21911      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94296      3.87%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7270      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5149      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12614      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2434677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1127184                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1324416                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               504337                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              331191                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           174914                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1177601                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        12781                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        12614                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3906445                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2995626                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 48181                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                142917                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1127184                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1324416                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1127184                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.310545                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.310545                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.432798                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.432798                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6931806                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1631107                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1768375                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2604409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         195894                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176144                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17096                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       133256                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         129393                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10667                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          535                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2082597                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1117022                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            195894                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       140060                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              248091                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         56947                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        33029                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          127234                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16558                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2403465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.756288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2155374     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          38491      1.60%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          18329      0.76%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          38269      1.59%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          10787      0.45%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          35892      1.49%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           5213      0.22%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           8473      0.35%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8          92637      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2403465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075216                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.428897                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2043208                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        73197                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          247424                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          264                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        39369                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        17161                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1239539                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1665                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        39369                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2047865                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         46387                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        13866                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          243408                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        12567                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1236811                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1022                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        10751                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1611474                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      5590527                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      5590527                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1270457                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         340991                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           24999                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       232669                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        33400                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          324                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         7410                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1228647                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1138224                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1143                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       246452                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       521256                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2403465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1904221     79.23%     79.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153571      6.39%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       171250      7.13%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98475      4.10%     96.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48661      2.02%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12596      0.52%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14041      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          342      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          308      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2403465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1889     57.23%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          795     24.08%     81.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          617     18.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       886385     77.87%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8196      0.72%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       210685     18.51%     97.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32884      2.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1138224                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.437037                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3301                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002900                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4684356                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1475280                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1106866                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1141525                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          917                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51299                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1410                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        39369                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         27551                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1485                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1228812                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          147                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       232669                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33400                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           85                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          387                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10730                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7308                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        18038                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1123171                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       207463                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15052                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             240323                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         171103                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            32860                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.431258                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1107317                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1106866                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          672144                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1428944                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.424997                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.470378                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       878096                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps       979932                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248918                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        16805                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2364096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2003861     84.76%     84.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138410      5.85%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91967      3.89%     94.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28119      1.19%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49416      2.09%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8835      0.37%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5779      0.24%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4954      0.21%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32755      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2364096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       878096                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps       979932                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               213354                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              181364                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           151277                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          853487                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        11350                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        32755                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3560178                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2497119                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 48117                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                200944                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            878096                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps              979932                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       878096                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.965973                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.965973                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.337157                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.337157                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5233407                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1434344                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1328307                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2604409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         195932                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176168                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17070                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       133469                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         129498                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10643                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          526                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2080850                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1116306                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            195932                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       140141                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              248131                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         56928                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        32976                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          127163                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16533                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2401716                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.756556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2153585     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          38712      1.61%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          18388      0.77%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          38278      1.59%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          10645      0.44%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          35815      1.49%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           5138      0.21%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           8465      0.35%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          92690      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2401716                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075231                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.428622                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2038993                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        75580                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          247487                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          273                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        39380                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        17257                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1239017                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1666                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        39380                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2043863                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         48417                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        13664                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          243323                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        13066                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1236345                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1034                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        11225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1611207                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5587744                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5587744                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1269525                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         341666                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           25600                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       232600                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        33283                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          306                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         7414                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1228062                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1137647                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1116                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       246734                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       520476                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2401716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473681                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1902483     79.21%     79.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153826      6.40%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       171049      7.12%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98430      4.10%     96.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48711      2.03%     98.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12665      0.53%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13899      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          354      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          299      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2401716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1892     57.14%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          799     24.13%     81.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          620     18.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       886239     77.90%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8194      0.72%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       210332     18.49%     97.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32808      2.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1137647                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.436816                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3311                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002910                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4681437                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1474979                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1106234                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1140958                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          885                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51472                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1294                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        39380                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         28263                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1573                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1228231                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       232600                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33283                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          403                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10677                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7301                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        17978                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1122404                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       207088                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15243                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             239872                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         171059                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            32784                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.430963                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1106600                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1106234                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          671924                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1428367                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.424754                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.470414                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       877299                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps       979135                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249153                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        16777                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2362336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2002324     84.76%     84.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138479      5.86%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91836      3.89%     94.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28031      1.19%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49380      2.09%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8785      0.37%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5811      0.25%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4940      0.21%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32750      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2362336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       877299                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps       979135                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               213114                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              181125                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           151143                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          852822                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        11349                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        32750                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3557861                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2496004                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 48069                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                202693                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            877299                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps              979135                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       877299                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.968667                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.968667                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.336851                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.336851                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5229163                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1433776                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1327285                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2604409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         195925                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176096                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17225                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       133180                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         129270                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10661                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          524                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2079808                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1116260                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            195925                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       139931                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              248099                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         57340                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        33229                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          127239                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16698                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2401149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.518036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757127                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2153050     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          38639      1.61%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          18435      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          38202      1.59%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          10737      0.45%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          35713      1.49%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           5088      0.21%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           8554      0.36%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          92731      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2401149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075228                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.428604                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2037637                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        76176                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          247435                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          263                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        39635                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        17286                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1239183                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1658                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        39635                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2042570                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         49032                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        13632                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          243247                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        13030                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1236327                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        11289                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1611164                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5588509                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5588509                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1267555                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         343565                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           25421                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       232291                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        33342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          325                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         7407                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1227824                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1136882                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1143                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       248113                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       523426                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2401149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083657                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1902538     79.23%     79.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153808      6.41%     85.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       170446      7.10%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98154      4.09%     96.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48850      2.03%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12732      0.53%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13990      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          328      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          303      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2401149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1906     57.46%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          796     24.00%     81.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          615     18.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       885813     77.92%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8189      0.72%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       209979     18.47%     97.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32827      2.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1136882                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.436522                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3317                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002918                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4679373                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1476122                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1105349                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1140199                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          926                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51654                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1355                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        39635                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         28702                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1619                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1227993                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       232291                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          417                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10772                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7398                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        18170                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1121517                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       206722                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15365                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             239526                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         170901                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            32804                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.430622                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1105754                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1105349                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          671063                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1427832                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.424415                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.469987                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       875632                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       977468                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250567                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        16935                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2361513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.413916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2002100     84.78%     84.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138174      5.85%     90.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91633      3.88%     94.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28076      1.19%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49357      2.09%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8837      0.37%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5785      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4931      0.21%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32620      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2361513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       875632                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       977468                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               212613                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              180626                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           150871                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          851425                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        32620                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3556915                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2495774                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 48169                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                203260                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            875632                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              977468                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       875632                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.974319                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.974319                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.336211                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.336211                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5224738                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1432730                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1326901                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2604409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         235669                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196392                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22952                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89192                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83878                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24806                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1042                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2040158                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1292155                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            235669                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       108684                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              268325                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         64860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        70403                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          128250                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21861                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2420614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.034829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2152289     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          16302      0.67%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          20380      0.84%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          32785      1.35%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          13472      0.56%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          17777      0.73%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          20335      0.84%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           9675      0.40%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         137599      5.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2420614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090488                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.496141                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2027924                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        84036                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          266932                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          174                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        41545                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        35585                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1578166                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        41545                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2030567                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles          6304                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        71425                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          264422                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         6344                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1567085                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          833                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4373                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2190615                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      7280852                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      7280852                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1799163                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         391452                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          365                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           23432                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       147566                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        75752                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          876                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        17290                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1528183                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          366                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1455040                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1733                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205122                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430889                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2420614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1805197     74.58%     74.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       279899     11.56%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115154      4.76%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64437      2.66%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86534      3.57%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27369      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26814      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14023      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1187      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2420614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10112     79.05%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1367     10.69%     89.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1313     10.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1226633     84.30%     84.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19690      1.35%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          179      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133110      9.15%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75428      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1455040                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.558683                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12792                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008792                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5345219                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1733679                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1415191                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1467832                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          986                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30644                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1398                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        41545                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles          4814                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          650                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1528551                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1196                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147566                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75752                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          564                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12744                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13532                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        26276                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1428101                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130586                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26939                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             205994                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         201469                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            75408                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.548340                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1415210                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1415191                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          847872                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2275820                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.543383                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372557                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1046529                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1289650                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238909                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          360                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22978                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2379069                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360951                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1832358     77.02%     77.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       277639     11.67%     88.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100510      4.22%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50017      2.10%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45499      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19283      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19239      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9097      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25427      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2379069                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1046529                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1289650                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               191276                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              116922                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           186872                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1161199                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        26647                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        25427                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3882201                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3098664                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 32749                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                183795                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1046529                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1289650                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1046529                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.488616                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.488616                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.401830                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.401830                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6422533                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1980516                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1457952                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2604409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         202719                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165331                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21368                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82964                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77486                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20103                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          916                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1962220                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1198819                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            202719                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        97589                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              245994                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         66828                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        60588                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          122562                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21452                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2313487                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997078                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2067493     89.37%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          12823      0.55%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          20757      0.90%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          31229      1.35%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          13051      0.56%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          15052      0.65%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          15955      0.69%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          11198      0.48%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         125929      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2313487                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077837                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460304                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1937679                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        85828                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          244131                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1489                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        44359                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        32854                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1453077                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1071                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        44359                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1942574                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         41071                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        29343                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          240820                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        15311                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1449936                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2964                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         7710                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1045                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1984180                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6758931                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6758931                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1635898                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         348282                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          310                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          160                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           44670                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       146387                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        80954                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4059                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        15683                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1445098                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          310                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1348847                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2052                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222283                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       509551                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2313487                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.583036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1738696     75.15%     75.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       233161     10.08%     85.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       129049      5.58%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        84379      3.65%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77282      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23786      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17390      0.75%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5899      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3845      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2313487                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           391     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1455     42.73%     54.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1559     45.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1110968     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24875      1.84%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          150      0.01%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133245      9.88%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        79609      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1348847                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.517909                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3405                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002524                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5016638                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1667752                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1324508                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1352252                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6649                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30494                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5067                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1054                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        44359                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         29232                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1652                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1445408                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           33                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146387                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        80954                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          160                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          839                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           51                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11648                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13210                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        24858                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1329513                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       126429                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19334                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             205885                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         180377                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            79456                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.510485                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1324601                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1324508                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          783917                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1989337                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.508564                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.394059                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       980440                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1195578                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250861                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          300                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        21772                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2269128                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378409                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1784996     78.66%     78.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230447     10.16%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95659      4.22%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49045      2.16%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36581      1.61%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20803      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12897      0.57%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10643      0.47%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28057      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2269128                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       980440                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1195578                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               191780                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              115893                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           165955                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1081014                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        23332                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        28057                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3687510                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2937244                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 35070                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                290922                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            980440                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1195578                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       980440                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.656368                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.656368                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.376454                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.376454                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6034884                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1809916                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1377045                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2604409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         202071                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164762                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21501                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82638                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76977                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20068                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          943                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1962039                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1196071                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            202071                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        97045                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              245376                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         66945                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        61467                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          122639                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21564                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2313556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2068180     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          12934      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          20523      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          31074      1.34%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          12908      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          15107      0.65%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          15756      0.68%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          11201      0.48%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         125873      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2313556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077588                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.459249                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1937393                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        86813                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          243535                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1465                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        44349                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        32802                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          328                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1450301                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        44349                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1942388                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         41296                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        30056                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          240151                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        15307                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1447093                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          787                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2719                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         7835                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1108                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1980645                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6745991                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6745991                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1632955                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         347683                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          314                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          165                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           44650                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       146260                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        80933                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4130                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        15643                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1442080                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          315                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1346606                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2039                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       220982                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       506857                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2313556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1739787     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       232368     10.04%     85.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       129029      5.58%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        84595      3.66%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77003      3.33%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23802      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17272      0.75%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5859      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3841      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2313556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           376     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1457     43.08%     54.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1549     45.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1109169     82.37%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24774      1.84%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          149      0.01%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133006      9.88%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        79508      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1346606                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.517049                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3382                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002511                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5012188                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1663437                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1321795                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1349988                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6367                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30574                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5189                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1084                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        44349                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         29907                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1656                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1442395                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           19                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146260                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        80933                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          165                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          855                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11620                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13387                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        25007                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1326753                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       126063                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19852                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             205419                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         179946                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            79356                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.509426                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1321885                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1321795                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          782554                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1985961                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.507522                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.394043                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       978704                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1193384                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250161                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          300                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        21902                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2269207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1785864     78.70%     78.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230163     10.14%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95548      4.21%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48809      2.15%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36446      1.61%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20815      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12991      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10675      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27896      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2269207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       978704                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1193384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               191430                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              115686                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           165634                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1079006                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        23269                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        27896                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3684856                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2931450                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 35191                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                290853                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            978704                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1193384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       978704                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.661079                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.661079                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.375787                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.375787                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6021776                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1806825                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1373906                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2604409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         202606                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182543                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12504                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96701                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70370                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10898                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          568                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2126267                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1271454                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            202606                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        81268                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              250411                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         39787                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        55985                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          123802                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12346                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2459645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939637                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2209234     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1           8737      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          18274      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3           7441      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          40804      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          36774      1.50%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           6897      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          14960      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         116524      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2459645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077793                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.488193                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2113474                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        69252                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          249291                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          867                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        26757                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        17805                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1489449                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1388                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        26757                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2116379                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         48552                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        13077                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          247362                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         7514                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1487246                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         2979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents            3                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1753262                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6997846                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6997846                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1516285                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         236959                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          190                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          106                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           21030                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       348482                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       175052                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1586                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         8652                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1481965                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          193                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1413187                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1105                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       136294                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       332623                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2459645                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1956965     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150881      6.13%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123713      5.03%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53346      2.17%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67607      2.75%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        65113      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37151      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3009      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1860      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2459645                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3523     11.01%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27633     86.36%     97.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          841      2.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       888924     62.90%     62.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12229      0.87%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       337658     23.89%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       174292     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1413187                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.542613                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31997                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022642                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5319118                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1618512                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1398960                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1445184                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2606                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17370                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1950                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        26757                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         44541                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1867                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1482168                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           31                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       348482                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       175052                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1234                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6494                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7791                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        14285                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1401873                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       336272                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11311                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             510514                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         183360                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           174242                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.538269                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1399103                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1398960                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          756635                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1492686                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.537151                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.506895                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1126421                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1323482                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       158841                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          174                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        12535                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2432888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1952403     80.25%     80.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       175779      7.23%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82317      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        81137      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21935      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94351      3.88%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7211      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5143      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12612      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2432888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1126421                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1323482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               504214                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              331112                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           174783                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1176757                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        12761                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        12612                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3902586                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2991427                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 48112                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                144764                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1126421                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1323482                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1126421                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.312110                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.312110                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.432505                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.432505                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6924160                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1628790                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1766466                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           5156                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32743.120736                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           612087                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37905                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          16.147922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1353.477364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    22.290860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   125.978763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.327233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   116.479403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    22.288460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   117.954197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    10.765646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    66.989092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.731715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    76.382694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.634901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   285.512721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.621615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   210.164663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    10.766294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    59.391561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.331930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   202.959921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.987198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   114.756661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    22.812590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   119.474330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    22.522480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   116.193453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    10.766665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    62.374811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.636345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   273.669474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.635570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   270.814936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    24.601686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   207.035094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1497.136747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1890.057098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1578.367255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1023.462207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1254.384241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          2514.277180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2006.222563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1040.400157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1992.089980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1940.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1870.602531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1890.777987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1030.121413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          2530.436356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          2602.551963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          2005.902736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.041305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.003845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.003555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.003600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.002044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.008713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.006414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.001812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.006194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.003502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.003646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.003546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.001904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.008352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.008265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.006318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.045689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.057680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.048168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.031234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.038281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.076730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.061225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.031750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.060794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.059235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.057086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.057702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.031437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.077223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.079424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.061215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2845                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2845                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     6023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          371                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          230                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          240                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          468                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          482                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          242                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          495                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          360                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          353                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          353                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          238                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          493                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          494                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          479                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    6023                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          207                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           59                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 172                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   5137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          220                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          208                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          141                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          163                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          640                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          364                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          130                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          354                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          219                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          215                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          134                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          618                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          609                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          364                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  5137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3514626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     33695327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3640865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     31859781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3494657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     31454255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1706075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     21443190                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4150938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     24579698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2086225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     88956689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4773894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     55480162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1601975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19911270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4563511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     53595650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3954077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     31017299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3744929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     32858805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3968930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     32483678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1506396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     20237673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2080301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     84044279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2078060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     83466008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4748759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     55299549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       751997531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       183800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7722106                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       279448                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8821691                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8489025                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      25496070                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3514626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     33695327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3640865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     31859781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3494657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     31638055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1706075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     21443190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4150938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     24579698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2086225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     96678795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4773894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     55480162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1601975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19911270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4563511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     53595650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3954077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     31296747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3744929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     32858805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3968930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     32483678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1506396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     20237673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2080301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     92865970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2078060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91955033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4748759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     55299549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        777493601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3514626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     33695327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3640865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     31859781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3494657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     31638055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1706075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     21443190                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4150938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     24579698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2086225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     96678795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4773894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     55480162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1601975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19911270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4563511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     53595650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3954077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     31296747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3744929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     32858805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3968930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     32483678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1506396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     20237673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2080301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     92865970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2078060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91955033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4748759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     55299549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       777493601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               10960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2845                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2845                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           59                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               200                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                11160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               11160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.383275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.373451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.380054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.407500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.556818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.431791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.418440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.366843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.384886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.380531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.531369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.527273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.433333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.453011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.860000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.381282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.380054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.404467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.577617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.430260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.416961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.368421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.382867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.378521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.556256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.552131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.431791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.460305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.381282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.380054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.404467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.577617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.430260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.416961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.368421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.382867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.378521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.556256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.552131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.431791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.460305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152809.826087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 153160.577273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 145634.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150994.222749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151941.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151952.922705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155097.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152079.361702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153738.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150795.693252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160478.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151286.886054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153996.580645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152418.027473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 145634.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153163.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157362.448276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151400.141243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152079.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149121.629808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149797.160000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150040.205479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158757.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151086.874419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 136945.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151027.410448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160023.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150347.547406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159850.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151480.958258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153185.774194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151921.837912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151459.724270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       183800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 148502.038462                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       139724                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149520.186441                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 146362.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148232.965116                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152809.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 153160.577273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 145634.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150994.222749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151941.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152106.033654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155097.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152079.361702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153738.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150795.693252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160478.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151060.617188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153996.580645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152418.027473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 145634.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153163.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157362.448276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151400.141243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152079.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149032.128571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149797.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150040.205479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158757.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151086.874419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 136945.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151027.410448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160023.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150268.559871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159850.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150993.486043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153185.774194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151921.837912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151351.684057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152809.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 153160.577273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 145634.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150994.222749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151941.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152106.033654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155097.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152079.361702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153738.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150795.693252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160478.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151060.617188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153996.580645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152418.027473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 145634.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153163.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157362.448276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151400.141243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152079.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149032.128571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149797.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150040.205479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158757.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151086.874419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 136945.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151027.410448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160023.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150268.559871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159850.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150993.486043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153185.774194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151921.837912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151351.684057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2055                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2055                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           59                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            172                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              5137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             5137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2178058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     20882994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2182001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     19585053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2156994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19401615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1065156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     13232343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2581418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15078241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1331166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     54732439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2973630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     34310336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       961963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     12346715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2877083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     33009469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2442501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     18902844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2291619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     20110136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2515559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19970330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       864535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     12443400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1324926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     51510878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1321103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     51404102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2946012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34123181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    463057800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       125846                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4696580                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       162712                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5385263                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5112356                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15482757                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2178058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     20882994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2182001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     19585053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2156994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19527461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1065156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     13232343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2581418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15078241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1331166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     59429019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2973630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     34310336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       961963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     12346715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2877083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     33009469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2442501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     19065556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2291619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     20110136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2515559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19970330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       864535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     12443400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1324926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     56896141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1321103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     56516458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2946012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34123181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    478540557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2178058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     20882994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2182001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     19585053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2156994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19527461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1065156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     13232343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2581418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15078241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1331166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     59429019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2973630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     34310336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       961963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     12346715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2877083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     33009469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2442501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     19065556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2291619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     20110136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2515559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19970330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       864535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     12443400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1324926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     56896141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1321103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     56516458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2946012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34123181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    478540557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.383275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.373451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.380054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.407500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.556818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.431791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.418440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.366843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.384886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.380531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.531369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.527273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.453011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.381282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.380054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.404467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.577617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.430260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.416961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.368421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.382867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.378521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.556256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.552131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.431791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.460305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.381282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.380054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.404467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.577617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.430260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.416961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.368421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.382867                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.378521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.556256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.552131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.431791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.460305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94698.173913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94922.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 87280.040000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92820.156398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93782.347826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93727.608696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96832.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93846.404255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95608.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92504.546012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 102397.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93082.379252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95923.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94259.164835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 87451.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94974.730769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99209.758621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93247.087571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93942.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90879.057692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 91664.760000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91827.105023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 100622.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92885.255814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 78594.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92861.194030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101917.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92148.261181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 101623.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93292.381125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95032.645161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93745.002747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93264.410876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       125846                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 90318.846154                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        81356                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91275.644068                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 88144.068966                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90016.029070                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94698.173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94922.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 87280.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92820.156398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93782.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93882.024038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96832.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93846.404255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95608.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92504.546012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 102397.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92857.842188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95923.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94259.164835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 87451.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94974.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99209.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93247.087571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93942.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90788.361905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 91664.760000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91827.105023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 100622.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92885.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 78594.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92861.194030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101917.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92064.953074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 101623.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92802.065681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95032.645161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93745.002747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93155.646681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94698.173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94922.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 87280.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92820.156398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93782.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93882.024038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96832.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93846.404255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95608.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92504.546012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 102397.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92857.842188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95923.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94259.164835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 87451.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94974.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99209.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93247.087571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93942.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90788.361905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 91664.760000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91827.105023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 100622.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92885.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 78594.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92861.194030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101917.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92064.953074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 101623.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92802.065681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95032.645161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93745.002747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93155.646681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              505.252588                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750133521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1482477.314229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.252588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.037264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.809700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         125559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        125559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5085853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5085853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5085853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5085853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5085853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5085853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164059.774194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164059.774194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164059.774194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164059.774194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164059.774194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164059.774194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4024156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4024156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4024156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4024156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4024156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4024156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167673.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167673.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167673.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167673.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167673.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167673.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              118203389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             141900.827131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   183.600676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    72.399324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.717190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.282810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        86665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        72629                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72629                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         159294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        159294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2034                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2034                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    247664745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    247664745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6984603                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6984603                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    254649348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    254649348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    254649348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    254649348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        88632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 125909.885613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125909.885613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104247.805970                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104247.805970                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 125196.336283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125196.336283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 125196.336283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125196.336283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          192                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             192                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1457                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1457                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     60507487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60507487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       217616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       217616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     60725103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60725103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     60725103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60725103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105413.740418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105413.740418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 72538.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72538.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105242.812825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105242.812825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105242.812825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105242.812825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              548.326289                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              646510831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1171215.273551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.211625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   525.114664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.037198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.841530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       127270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       127270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         127270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       127270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        127270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4689750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4689750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4689750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4689750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4689750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4689750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       127301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       127301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       127301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       127301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       127301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151282.258065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151282.258065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151282.258065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151282.258065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151282.258065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151282.258065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4075474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4075474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4075474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4075474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4075474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4075474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       156749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       156749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       156749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       156749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       156749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       156749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              151272382                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             183582.987864                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   151.683930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   104.316070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.592515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.407485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       190798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        190798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       222611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         222611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       222611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        222611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1968                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1968                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    214180860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214180860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1400032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1400032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    215580892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    215580892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    215580892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    215580892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       192751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       192751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        31828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       224579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       224579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       224579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       224579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109667.619048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109667.619048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93335.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93335.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109543.136179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109543.136179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109543.136179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109543.136179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           54                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              54                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1400                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1400                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     58982041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58982041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       258837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       258837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     59240878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59240878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     59240878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59240878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104392.992920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104392.992920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        86279                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        86279                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104297.320423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104297.320423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104297.320423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104297.320423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              505.249992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              750133587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1482477.444664                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.249992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.037260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.809695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       125625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       125625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         125625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       125625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        125625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5125667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5125667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5125667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5125667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5125667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5125667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       125657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       125657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       125657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       125657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       125657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160177.093750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160177.093750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160177.093750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160177.093750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160177.093750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160177.093750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4024019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4024019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4024019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4024019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4024019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4024019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 167667.458333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167667.458333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 167667.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167667.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 167667.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167667.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  579                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              118204111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  835                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             141561.809581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   183.616417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    72.383583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.717252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.282748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        87036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        72977                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72977                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       160013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         160013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       160013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        160013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2005                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2005                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    242442397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    242442397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8076133                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8076133                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    250518530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    250518530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    250518530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    250518530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        88976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        73042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       162018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       162018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       162018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       162018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000890                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000890                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124970.307732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124970.307732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124248.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124248.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124946.897756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124946.897756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124946.897756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124946.897756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          196                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             196                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1426                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1426                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     58751560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58751560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       410977                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       410977                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     59162537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59162537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     59162537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59162537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102176.626087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102176.626087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102744.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102744.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102180.547496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102180.547496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102180.547496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102180.547496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              465.765027                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              753004412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1615889.296137                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    10.765027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.017252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       128160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       128160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         128160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       128160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        128160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2230849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2230849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2230849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2230849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2230849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2230849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       128174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       128174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       128174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       128174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       128174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159346.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159346.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159346.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159346.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159346.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159346.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1830917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1830917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1830917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1830917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1830917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1830917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       166447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       166447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       166447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       166447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       166447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       166447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  371                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              109336403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  627                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             174380.228070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   130.012411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   125.987589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.507861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.492139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       100199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        73959                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73959                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       174158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         174158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       174158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        174158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total          942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          942                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total          942                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    107451597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107451597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    107451597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    107451597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    107451597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    107451597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       101141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        73959                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73959                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       175100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       175100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       175100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       175100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114067.512739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114067.512739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114067.512739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114067.512739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114067.512739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114067.512739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     38429031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38429031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     38429031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38429031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     38429031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38429031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103582.293801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103582.293801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103582.293801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103582.293801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103582.293801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103582.293801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              489.896186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              749561419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1487225.037698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.896186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.023872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       127476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       127476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         127476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       127476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        127476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5446759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5446759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5446759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5446759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5446759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5446759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       127511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       127511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       127511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       127511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       127511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155621.685714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155621.685714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155621.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155621.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155621.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155621.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4708907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4708907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4708907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4708907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4708907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4708907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162376.103448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162376.103448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162376.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162376.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162376.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162376.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              113238523                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             171833.874052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   139.555994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   116.444006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.545141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.454859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        86593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        72058                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72058                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       158651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         158651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       158651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        158651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    155769537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    155769537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1200833                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1200833                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    156970370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    156970370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    156970370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    156970370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        87854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        72073                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72073                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          174                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          174                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       159927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       159927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.014353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.007979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.007979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123528.578113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123528.578113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 80055.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80055.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123017.531348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123017.531348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123017.531348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123017.531348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     42247257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42247257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     42439557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42439557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     42439557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42439557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105618.142500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105618.142500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105309.074442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105309.074442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105309.074442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105309.074442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              502.634195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              753314373                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1497642.888668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.634195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.020247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       122529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       122529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         122529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       122529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        122529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2434579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2434579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2434579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2434579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2434579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2434579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       122543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       122543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       122543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       122543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       122543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 173898.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173898.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 173898.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173898.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 173898.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173898.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2209934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2209934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2209934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2209934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2209934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2209934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169994.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169994.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169994.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169994.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169994.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169994.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 1108                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              125533886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             92033.640762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   192.596144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    63.403856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.752329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.247671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        92591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         92591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        74947                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74947                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       167538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         167538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       167538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        167538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          370                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          370                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    332473775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    332473775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     67620178                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     67620178                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    400093953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    400093953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    400093953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    400093953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        95072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        95072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        75317                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75317                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       170389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       170389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.026096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004913                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004913                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.016732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.016732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 134007.970576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134007.970576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 182757.237838                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182757.237838                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 140334.602946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140334.602946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 140334.602946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140334.602946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          506                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             506                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1743                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1743                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           52                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    128060723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128060723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8303225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8303225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    136363948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    136363948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    136363948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    136363948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000690                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000690                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121269.624053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121269.624053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 159677.403846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159677.403846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123072.155235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123072.155235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123072.155235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123072.155235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              566.979293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              768707223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1336882.126957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    25.259808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.719486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.040480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.868140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.908621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       123891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       123891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         123891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       123891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        123891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6527958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6527958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6527958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6527958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6527958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6527958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       123931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       123931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       123931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       123931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       123931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163198.950000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163198.950000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163198.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163198.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163198.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163198.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5332587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5332587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5332587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5332587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5332587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5332587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166643.343750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166643.343750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166643.343750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166643.343750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166643.343750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166643.343750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  846                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              289308593                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             262530.483666                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.493181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.506819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.435520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.564480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       317351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        317351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       172910                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       172910                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       490261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         490261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       490261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        490261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    359168626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    359168626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       741673                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       741673                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    359910299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    359910299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    359910299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    359910299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       320314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       320314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       172919                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172919                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       493233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       493233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       493233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       493233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121217.896051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121217.896051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 82408.111111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82408.111111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121100.369785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121100.369785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121100.369785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121100.369785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          135                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             135                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     94239461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94239461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       207082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       207082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     94446543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94446543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     94446543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94446543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111790.582444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111790.582444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 69027.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69027.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111638.939716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111638.939716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111638.939716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111638.939716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              465.765625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              753004508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1615889.502146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    10.765625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.017253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       128256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       128256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         128256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       128256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        128256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2204384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2204384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2204384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2204384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2204384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2204384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       128270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       128270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       128270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       128270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       128270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       157456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       157456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       157456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       157456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       157456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       157456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1790971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1790971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1790971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1790971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1790971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1790971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162815.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162815.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162815.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162815.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162815.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162815.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  372                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              109336506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             174102.716561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   130.111814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   125.888186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.508249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.491751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       100260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        74001                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74001                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       174261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         174261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       174261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        174261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    104568185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104568185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    104568185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    104568185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    104568185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    104568185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       101204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        74001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       175205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       175205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       175205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       175205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110771.382415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110771.382415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110771.382415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110771.382415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110771.382415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110771.382415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          572                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          572                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     37640312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37640312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     37640312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37640312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     37640312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37640312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101183.634409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101183.634409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101183.634409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101183.634409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101183.634409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101183.634409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              565.689480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              768707331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1341548.570681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.970438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.719042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.038414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.868139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.906554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       123999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       123999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         123999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       123999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        123999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6583803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6583803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6583803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6583803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6583803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6583803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       124038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       124038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168815.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168815.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168815.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168815.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168815.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168815.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5378980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5378980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5378980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5378980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5378980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5378980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179299.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179299.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179299.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179299.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179299.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179299.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  849                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              289308738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1105                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             261817.862443                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.430049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.569951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.435274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.564726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       317457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        317457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       172957                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       172957                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       490414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         490414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       490414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        490414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2994                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2994                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    358014001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    358014001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       784602                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       784602                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    358798603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    358798603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    358798603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    358798603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       320441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       320441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       172967                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172967                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       493408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       493408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       493408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       493408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119977.882373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119977.882373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 78460.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78460.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119839.212759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119839.212759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119839.212759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119839.212759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2145                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2145                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     93229614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93229614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       220487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       220487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     93450101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93450101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     93450101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93450101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110200.489362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110200.489362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 73495.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73495.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110070.790342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110070.790342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110070.790342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110070.790342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              548.986157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              646510762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1169097.218807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.871067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.115090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.038255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       127201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       127201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         127201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       127201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        127201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5242203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5242203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5242203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5242203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5242203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5242203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       127234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       127234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       127234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       127234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       127234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158854.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158854.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158854.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158854.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158854.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158854.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4428878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4428878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4428878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4428878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4428878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4428878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164032.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164032.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164032.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164032.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164032.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164032.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              151272523                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             183138.647700                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   151.815548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   104.184452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.593029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.406971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       190942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        190942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        31815                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31815                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       222757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         222757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       222757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        222757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1969                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1969                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    213339030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    213339030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2585726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2585726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    215924756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    215924756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    215924756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    215924756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       192896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       192896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        31830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       224726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       224726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       224726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       224726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109180.670420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109180.670420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 172381.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172381.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109662.141188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109662.141188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109662.141188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109662.141188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           50                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              50                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1399                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1399                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     58494282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58494282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       390548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       390548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     58884830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58884830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     58884830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58884830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103164.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103164.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 130182.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130182.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103306.719298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103306.719298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103306.719298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103306.719298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              548.811597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              646510693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1171215.023551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    23.696601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.114996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.037975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       127132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       127132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         127132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       127132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        127132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4858984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4858984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4858984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4858984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4858984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4858984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       127163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       127163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       127163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       127163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       127163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156741.419355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156741.419355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156741.419355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156741.419355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156741.419355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156741.419355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4172100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4172100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4172100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4172100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4172100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4172100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160465.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160465.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160465.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160465.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160465.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160465.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  572                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              151272265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  828                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             182695.972222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   151.780413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   104.219587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.592892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.407108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       190681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        190681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       222494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         222494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       222494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        222494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1976                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1976                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    216093216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    216093216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1518022                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1518022                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    217611238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    217611238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    217611238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    217611238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       192642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       192642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        31828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       224470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       224470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       224470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       224470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110195.418664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110195.418664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101201.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101201.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110127.144737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110127.144737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110127.144737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110127.144737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           50                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              50                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1404                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1404                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     60144300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60144300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       237130                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       237130                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     60381430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60381430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     60381430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60381430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105701.757469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105701.757469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 79043.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79043.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105561.940559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105561.940559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105561.940559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105561.940559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              548.521437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              646510769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1171215.161232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.406236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.115201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.037510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       127208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       127208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         127208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       127208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        127208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5057500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5057500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5057500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5057500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5057500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5057500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       127239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       127239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       127239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       127239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       127239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163145.161290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163145.161290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163145.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163145.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163145.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163145.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4406588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4406588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4406588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4406588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4406588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4406588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169484.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169484.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169484.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169484.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169484.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169484.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              151271815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             183582.299757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   151.895854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   104.104146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.593343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.406657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       190233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        190233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       222044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         222044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       222044                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        222044                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1984                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1984                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    218016724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    218016724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1495008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1495008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    219511732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    219511732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    219511732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    219511732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       192202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       192202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       224028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       224028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       224028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       224028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110724.593195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110724.593195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99667.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99667.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110640.993952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110640.993952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110640.993952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110640.993952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           55                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              55                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1416                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1416                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     59857891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59857891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       265598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       265598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     60123489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60123489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     60123489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60123489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105943.169912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105943.169912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 88532.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88532.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105851.213028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105851.213028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105851.213028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105851.213028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              465.766072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              753004488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1615889.459227                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    10.766072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.017253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       128236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       128236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         128236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       128236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        128236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1964765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1964765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1964765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      1964765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1964765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      1964765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       128250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       128250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       128250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       128250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       128250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 140340.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 140340.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 140340.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140340.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 140340.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140340.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1609164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1609164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1609164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1609164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1609164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1609164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 146287.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 146287.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 146287.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 146287.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 146287.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 146287.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  372                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              109336490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             174102.691083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   130.116429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   125.883571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.508267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.491733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       100250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        73995                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73995                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       174245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         174245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       174245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        174245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    104452257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104452257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    104452257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    104452257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    104452257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    104452257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       101194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        73995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       175189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       175189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       175189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       175189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110648.577331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110648.577331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110648.577331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110648.577331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110648.577331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110648.577331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          572                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          572                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     37783054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37783054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     37783054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37783054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     37783054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37783054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101567.349462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101567.349462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101567.349462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101567.349462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101567.349462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101567.349462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              502.635648                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              753314392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1497642.926441                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.635648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.020249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         122548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        122548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2418604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2418604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2418604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2418604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2418604                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2418604                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       122562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       122562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172757.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172757.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172757.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172757.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172757.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172757.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2195901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2195901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2195901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2195901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2195901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2195901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168915.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168915.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168915.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168915.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168915.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168915.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 1111                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              125533975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             91831.730066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   194.499133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    61.500867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.759762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.240238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        92573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         92573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        75055                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75055                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       167628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         167628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       167628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        167628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          433                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          433                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2934                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2934                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    329011553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    329011553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     77782961                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77782961                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    406794514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    406794514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    406794514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    406794514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        95074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        95074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        75488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       170562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       170562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.026306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005736                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005736                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.017202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.017202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 131552.000400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131552.000400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 179637.323326                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179637.323326                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 138648.436946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138648.436946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 138648.436946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138648.436946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          511                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             511                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1823                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1823                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    124656918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124656918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9484322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9484322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    134141240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    134141240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    134141240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    134141240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000782                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000782                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 118495.169202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118495.169202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 160751.220339                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160751.220339                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120739.189919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120739.189919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120739.189919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120739.189919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              502.634872                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              753314469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1497643.079523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.634872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.020248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       122625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       122625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         122625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       122625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        122625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2420391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2420391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2420391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2420391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2420391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2420391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       122639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       122639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       122639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       122639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       122639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172885.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172885.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172885.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172885.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172885.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172885.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2188038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2188038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2188038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2188038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2188038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2188038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168310.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168310.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168310.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168310.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168310.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168310.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 1103                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              125533766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1359                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             92372.160412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   193.425065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    62.574935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.755567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.244433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        92499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         92499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        74918                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74918                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       167417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         167417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       167417                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        167417                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          427                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          427                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    330355181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    330355181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     75483543                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75483543                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    405838724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    405838724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    405838724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    405838724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        94992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        94992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        75345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       170337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       170337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.026244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005667                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005667                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.017142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.017142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 132513.109105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132513.109105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 176776.447307                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176776.447307                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 138985.864384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138985.864384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 138985.864384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138985.864384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          516                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             516                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1817                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1817                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    124364597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124364597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9067883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9067883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    133432480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    133432480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    133432480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    133432480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000770                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000770                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119009.183732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119009.183732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 156342.810345                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156342.810345                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120972.330009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120972.330009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120972.330009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120972.330009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              566.959967                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              768707095                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1336881.904348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.239551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.720416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.040448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.868142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.908590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       123763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       123763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         123763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       123763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        123763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6143845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6143845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6143845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6143845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6143845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6143845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       123802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       123802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       123802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       123802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       123802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157534.487179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157534.487179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157534.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157534.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157534.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157534.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5161257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5161257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5161257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5161257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5161257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5161257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161289.281250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161289.281250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161289.281250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161289.281250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161289.281250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161289.281250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  843                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              289308549                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1099                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             263247.087352                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.408525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.591475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.435190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.564810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       317302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        317302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       172913                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       172913                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       490215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         490215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       490215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        490215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    363104428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    363104428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       743585                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       743585                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    363848013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    363848013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    363848013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    363848013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       320283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       320283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       172922                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172922                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       493205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       493205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       493205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       493205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121806.248910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121806.248910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 82620.555556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82620.555556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121688.298662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121688.298662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121688.298662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121688.298662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2147                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2147                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     94085271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94085271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       222744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       222744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     94308015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94308015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     94308015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94308015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 112006.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112006.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        74248                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        74248                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111871.903915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111871.903915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111871.903915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111871.903915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
