
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106618                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106617717243                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               631445310780                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 309435                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   394183                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1904682                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67619596                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 55976.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17321124990                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22065061466                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      3708288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      4155008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      4196608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2587392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2589824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      4206080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1500544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2605440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1478912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2601600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      3815808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1461248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1897216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2589952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      3835264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2599040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             45905152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           76928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10748672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10748672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        28971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        32461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        32786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        20214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        20233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        32860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        11723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        20355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        11554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        20325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        29811                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        11416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        14822                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        20234                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        29963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        20305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                358634                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           83974                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                83974                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        48022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     34781161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        46821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     38971084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        46821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     39361263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        40819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     24267937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        45621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     24290747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        49223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     39450104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        48022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     14074059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        46821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     24437214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        42019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13871165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        40819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     24401198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     35789624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        44420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13705489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        49223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     17794566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        40819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     24291948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        45621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     35972108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        40819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     24377187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               430558384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        48022                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        46821                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        46821                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        40819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        45621                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        49223                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        48022                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        46821                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        42019                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        40819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45621                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        44420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        49223                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        40819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        45621                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        40819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             721531                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         100815064                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              100815064                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         100815064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        48022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     34781161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        46821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     38971084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        46821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     39361263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        40819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     24267937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        45621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     24290747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        49223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     39450104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        48022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     14074059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        46821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     24437214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        42019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13871165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        40819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     24401198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        45621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     35789624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        44420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13705489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        49223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     17794566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        40819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     24291948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        45621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     35972108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        40819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     24377187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              531373448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              255677980                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20731503                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16952975                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2021536                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8504094                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8169694                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2133679                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89917                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201214094                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117692270                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20731503                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10303373                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24649670                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5879935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      3541806                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12371128                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2037664                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    233219643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      208569973     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1330866      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2105015      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3362144      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1390789      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1552512      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1663981      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1090795      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12153568      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    233219643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081084                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460314                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      199354183                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5416252                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24573098                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        62504                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3813603                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3400928                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          471                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143714604                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         3022                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3813603                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      199655935                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1733652                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      2795057                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24339731                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       881660                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143639384                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents        25985                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       247483                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       333436                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        41137                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199429464                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    668210335                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    668210335                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170241826                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29187621                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        36408                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19945                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2654280                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13674550                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7355587                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221874                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1674044                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143456050                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36513                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135758350                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166377                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18223888                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40585128                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3309                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233219643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582105                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175994592     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22960377      9.84%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12550933      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8566926      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8016799      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2302350      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1797856      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       609233      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420577      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233219643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31629     12.53%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97413     38.58%     51.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123434     48.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113729105     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2148751      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16461      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12543344      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7320689      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135758350                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.530974                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252476                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    505155195                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161717956                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133581058                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    136010826                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       408862                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2438153                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          359                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1541                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       212571                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8466                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3813603                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1158016                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121334                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143492703                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8921                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13674550                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7355587                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19928                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89073                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1541                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181495                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1153833                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2335328                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133829740                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11796612                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1928609                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 140                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19115613                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18825997                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7319001                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.523431                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133582087                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133581058                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        78095565                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204052317                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.522458                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382723                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122574593                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20918310                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33204                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2064362                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229406040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179647880     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24098952     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9379801      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5053461      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3784573      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2113317      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1303924      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1165821      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2858311      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229406040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122574593                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18379413                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11236397                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17595165                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110448786                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2490081                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2858311                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          370039956                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290799630                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3247139                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              22458337                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122574593                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.556780                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.556780                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.391117                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.391117                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      603506588                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     185164319                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134046204                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              255677980                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19888567                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17946817                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1042993                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7648778                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7119163                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1099875                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46247                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210836036                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            125096249                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19888567                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      8219038                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24747187                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       3272273                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      5100116                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12102669                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1047822                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    242886610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      218139423     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         888122      0.37%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1806816      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         759990      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        4118586      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3661907      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         707910      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1479537      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11324319      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    242886610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077788                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.489273                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      209661880                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      6287344                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24656383                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        78242                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      2202758                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1744825                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          513                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    146694185                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2827                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      2202758                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      209870899                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       4547731                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1081476                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        24540553                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       643190                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    146616314                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           94                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       278711                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       231055                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4595                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    172121567                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    690601575                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    690601575                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    152772621                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       19348946                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        17543                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9114                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1620535                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     34607080                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores     17505101                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       161063                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       851725                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        146334850                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17596                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       140743037                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72691                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11226917                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26841200                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          609                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242886610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376893                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192896459     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14953627      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12289835      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5309778      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6735049      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6528297      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3698735      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       292325      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182505      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242886610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        357216     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2778550     86.39%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80489      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88286313     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1229315      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8428      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33752409     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17466572     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    140743037                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.550470                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3216255                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022852                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527661630                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157582917                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139540889                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    143959292                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       254664                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1329057                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          551                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3561                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105145                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12466                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      2202758                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       4177653                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185795                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146352524                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1282                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34607080                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17505101                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9115                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126502                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           71                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3561                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       608268                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       615693                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1223961                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139756705                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33639025                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       986332                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           51104062                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18311519                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores         17465037                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.546612                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            139545340                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           139540889                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        75371982                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       148500201                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.545768                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507555                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113395303                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    133258188                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13108868                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16987                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1065928                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240683852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192380658     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17613085      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8268461      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8175269      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2225414      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9514689      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       712381      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       518173      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1275722      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240683852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    113395303                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    133258188                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             50677979                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            33278023                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              8480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17597489                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       118498497                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1290743                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      1275722                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          385774848                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         294937101                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4625467                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              12791370                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         113395303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           133258188                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    113395303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.254749                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.254749                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.443508                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.443508                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      690942685                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     162025946                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     174701214                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        16962                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              255677980                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19895465                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17953945                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1041413                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7487869                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7114544                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1098313                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45942                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210805575                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            125141686                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19895465                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      8212857                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24750189                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       3278409                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      5093451                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12099837                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1046552                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    242860262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604548                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932445                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      218110073     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         887393      0.37%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1805445      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         758465      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        4117425      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3660035      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         706145      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1482007      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11333274      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    242860262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077815                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.489450                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      209627377                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      6284738                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24659624                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        77979                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      2210541                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1745274                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          506                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    146751151                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2757                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      2210541                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      209837432                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       4549513                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1075748                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24542873                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       644152                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    146674625                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          125                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       277861                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       232838                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3434                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    172187642                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    690862324                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    690862324                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    152764246                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       19423392                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        17015                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8585                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1627650                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     34611596                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores     17504566                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160679                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       852133                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        146387392                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17068                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       140738130                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73481                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11293926                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27122550                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           82                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242860262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192878454     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14945614      6.15%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12286684      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5310654      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6738064      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6527666      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3698074      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       292260      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182792      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242860262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        356877     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2778411     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80363      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88282220     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1229717      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8427      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33751300     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17466466     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    140738130                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.550451                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3215651                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022848                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527625654                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157701947                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139537225                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    143953781                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       252928                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1334122                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          543                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3568                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104970                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12460                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      2210541                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       4179508                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       186167                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146404540                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1256                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34611596                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17504566                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8588                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       127065                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           66                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3568                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       605725                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       616477                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1222202                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139753841                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33636773                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       984289                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  80                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           51101838                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       18309834                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores         17465065                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.546601                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            139541729                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           139537225                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        75365394                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       148498367                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.545754                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.507517                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113390439                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    133252150                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13167026                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16986                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1064290                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240649721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377515                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192349837     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17612718      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8266916      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8174806      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2224770      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9513245      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       712606      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       518343      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1276480      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240649721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    113390439                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    133252150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             50677070                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            33277474                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              8480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17596607                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       118493054                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1290611                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      1276480                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          385792079                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         295049138                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4622618                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              12817718                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         113390439                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           133252150                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    113390439                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.254846                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.254846                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.443489                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.443489                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      690913044                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     162018280                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     174743855                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        16960                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              255677980                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       19387567                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17312275                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1545969                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12987669                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12665314                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1163932                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46713                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204990972                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            110091926                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          19387567                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     13829246                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24554862                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5063966                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      3126633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12400908                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1517402                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    236181805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      211626943     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        3743477      1.58%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1890885      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3707388      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1187765      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3433810      1.45%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         540977      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         870132      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        9180428      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    236181805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.075828                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.430588                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      202513369                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      5650954                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24506639                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        19664                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3491175                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1829786                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        18139                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    123154244                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        34302                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3491175                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      202789381                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       3412668                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1389456                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        24250948                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       848173                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    122977819                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        95339                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       679933                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    161173275                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    557348523                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    557348523                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    130770387                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       30402888                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        16529                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8376                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1837436                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     22191429                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      3600813                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23736                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       816878                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        122344746                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16591                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       114597084                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74677                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22018936                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45063847                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          142                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236181805                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    185894992     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15885581      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16802282      7.11%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9755152      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5027697      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1258355      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1494173      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34702      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28871      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236181805                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192413     57.31%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78673     23.43%     80.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64630     19.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89861238     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       897970      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8155      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20259595     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3570126      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    114597084                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.448209                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335716                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465786366                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144380570                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111690636                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    114932800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89748                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4515584                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          304                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82566                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3491175                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2317338                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104259                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122361435                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15758                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22191429                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3600813                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8374                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41211                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2395                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          304                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045568                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       592896                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1638464                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113143315                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19968244                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1453769                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  98                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           23538196                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17201907                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          3569952                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.442523                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            111716408                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           111690636                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        67589077                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       147183781                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.436841                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.459216                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88990889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    100186011                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22180472                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16449                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1536281                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232690630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430555                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195392423     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14653878      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9413516      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2963367      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4919315      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       958298      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607925      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       556564      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3225344      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232690630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     88990889                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    100186011                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             21194092                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            17675845                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              8206                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         15371879                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        87553061                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1252410                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      3225344                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          351831431                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         248226911                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4558261                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              19496175                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          88990889                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           100186011                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     88990889                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.873080                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.873080                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.348058                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.348058                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      525930148                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     145527177                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     130805725                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        16434                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              255677980                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       20799307                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17059039                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2034278                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8600584                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8129040                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2131946                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90715                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    198376635                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            118188625                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          20799307                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10260986                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            25996869                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5773394                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      6570983                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12219081                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2018686                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    234652110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      208655241     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        2813306      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        3260785      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        1788804      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2077766      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1134886      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         768847      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        2013459      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       12139016      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    234652110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081350                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.462256                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      196783432                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      8194978                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        25788695                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       196387                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3688616                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3373968                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        19001                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    144273748                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        93802                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3688616                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      197089187                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2969536                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      4359602                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        25692251                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       852916                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    144184853                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          245                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       225255                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       396172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    200380122                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    671349262                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    671349262                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    171134190                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       29245925                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        37594                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20886                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2280890                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13758272                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7498281                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       198429                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1662470                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        143969426                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37676                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       136043668                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       188532                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17989479                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41633823                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4063                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234652110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177326507     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23057987      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12385961      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8578932      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7496854      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3840668      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       918904      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       597593      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       448704      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234652110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36237     12.30%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       126388     42.88%     55.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132102     44.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113877572     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2128532      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16665      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12576594      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7444305      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    136043668                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.532090                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            294727                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002166                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507222705                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161997864                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133800052                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    136338395                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       345839                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2418896                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          872                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1285                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       161559                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8333                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3688616                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2466808                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       149966                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144007222                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54606                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13758272                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7498281                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20891                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       106083                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1285                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1176699                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1144815                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2321514                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134050558                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11814437                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1993110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 120                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           19256697                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       18758971                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7442260                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.524294                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            133802303                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           133800052                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        79533913                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       208307833                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.523315                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381810                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100494283                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    123294251                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20714185                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2045942                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230963494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180600632     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23356565     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9782070      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5882258      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4072956      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2629449      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1364992      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1098825      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2175747      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230963494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    100494283                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    123294251                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             18676095                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11339374                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             16770                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17645455                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       111154799                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2508442                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2175747                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          372795507                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         291705584                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3036782                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              21025870                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         100494283                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           123294251                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    100494283                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.544204                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.544204                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.393050                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.393050                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      604697730                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     185707462                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     134651158                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        33582                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              255677980                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19880533                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17939135                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1042103                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7528224                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7110759                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1099911                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46453                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210812455                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            125070264                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19880533                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      8210670                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24731055                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       3270231                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      5083429                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12099723                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1047409                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    242829103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      218098048     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         880978      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1804495      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         758529      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        4112468      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3658166      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         711432      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1484963      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11320024      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    242829103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077756                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.489171                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      209622316                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      6286459                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24640886                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        77785                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      2201654                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1745069                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          511                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    146661423                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2788                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      2201654                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      209836299                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       4540958                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1077231                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24519560                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       653398                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    146585896                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           90                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       278152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       237497                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3420                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    172099154                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    690451199                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    690451199                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    152744202                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       19354924                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        17017                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8588                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1653734                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     34594044                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores     17500460                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160380                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       846549                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        146304174                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17068                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       140706446                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73232                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11223270                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26875226                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           86                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242829103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192849184     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14955712      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12284098      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5310757      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6731267      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6520851      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3702782      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       291364      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       183088      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242829103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        356060     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2776791     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80372      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88261387     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1229236      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8426      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33744703     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17462694     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    140706446                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.550327                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3213223                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527528450                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157548061                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139507522                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    143919669                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       252464                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1323379                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          557                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3560                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104301                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12461                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      2201654                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       4170402                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185867                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146321337                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34594044                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17500460                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8590                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126797                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           85                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3560                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       608339                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       613938                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1222277                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139722959                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33629369                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       983487                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  95                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           51090659                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18305700                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores         17461290                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.546480                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            139511858                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           139507522                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        75340587                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       148424784                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.545638                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.507601                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113372993                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    133232273                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13103250                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16982                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1065005                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240627449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192332191     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17611251      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8267859      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8174575      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2223390      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9512573      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       710822      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       518082      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1276706      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240627449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    113372993                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    133232273                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             50666824                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            33270665                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              8478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17594133                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       118475538                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1290562                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      1276706                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          385685928                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         294872926                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4622433                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              12848877                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         113372993                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           133232273                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    113372993                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.255193                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.255193                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.443421                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.443421                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      690769306                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     162003312                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     174662291                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        16956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              255677980                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       23147250                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19273527                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2102275                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8837804                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8468409                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2490392                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97618                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201439923                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            127001844                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          23147250                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     10958801                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            26469083                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5844875                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      6950455                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12506653                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2009866                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    238582968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      212113885     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1623377      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2043097      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3258769      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1371040      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1755713      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        2049476      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         936008      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       13431603      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    238582968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.090533                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.496726                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      200254571                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      8249631                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        26343326                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        12494                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3722945                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3522058                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          562                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    155211524                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2338                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3722945                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      200457329                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        650530                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      7033130                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        26153207                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       565819                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    154256217                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        81708                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       394508                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    215464004                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    717348923                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    717348923                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    180417164                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       35046840                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        37524                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19632                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1987042                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     14421142                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7554837                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84842                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1709622                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        150602889                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37660                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       144551758                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143778                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18164589                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36866447                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1571                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238582968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177333150     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27939425     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11418375      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6399039      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8673196      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2668730      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2626663      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1413066      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111324      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238582968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        996236     79.15%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133460     10.60%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128901     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121778343     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1976145      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17892      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13247574      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7531804      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    144551758                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.565366                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1258597                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008707                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529088859                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168805843                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140792246                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    145810355                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107196                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2694991                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           67                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          710                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103433                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           56                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3722945                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        495443                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62248                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150640556                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117073                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14421142                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7554837                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19632                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54414                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          710                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1246607                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1178978                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2425585                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142035986                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13031882                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2515772                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           20562904                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       20086874                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7531022                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.555527                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            140792744                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           140792246                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        84352760                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       226582034                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.550662                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372284                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104962309                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    129337975                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21303138                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36089                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2120278                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234860023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180121968     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27738594     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10071813      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5020986      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4587590      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1929777      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1906023      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       908762      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2574510      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234860023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    104962309                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    129337975                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             19177555                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            11726151                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             18004                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         18747260                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       116446277                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2670806                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2574510                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          382925898                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         305005187                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3051238                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              17095012                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         104962309                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           129337975                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    104962309                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.435903                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.435903                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.410525                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.410525                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      639125324                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     196740728                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     143579921                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        36058                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              255677980                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       20785807                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17042542                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2032849                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8604725                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8125834                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2134003                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91692                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    198344130                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            118149410                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          20785807                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10259837                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            25985072                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5766617                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      6771003                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12217396                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2017645                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    234802205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      208817133     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        2814678      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        3249042      1.38%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        1790368      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2075959      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1134414      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         772558      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        2016468      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       12131585      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    234802205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081297                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.462102                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      196762376                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      8383168                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        25779217                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles       194454                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3682988                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3376748                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        19006                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    144231086                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        94434                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3682988                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      197065597                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       2833849                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      4694573                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        25683211                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       841985                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    144142241                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       218798                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       392623                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents           37                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    200328262                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    671170084                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    671170084                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    171101145                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       29227117                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        37908                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21241                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2260987                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13745522                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7496718                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       198783                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1664583                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        143930178                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38010                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       136028433                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       187560                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17966832                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41534001                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4405                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234802205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177492209     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23044686      9.81%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12380965      5.27%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8581891      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7495434      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3842515      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       918275      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       597657      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       448573      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234802205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35550     12.10%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       125936     42.86%     54.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132324     45.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113864318     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2128841      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16662      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12569973      9.24%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7448639      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    136028433                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.532030                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            293810                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507340441                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161936289                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133783268                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    136322243                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       344101                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2408363                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          679                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1272                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       161451                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8331                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3682988                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2349811                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       144893                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143968327                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55382                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13745522                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7496718                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21223                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103142                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1272                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1178111                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1142696                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2320807                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134032275                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11804158                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1996158                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           19251036                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       18756500                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7446878                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.524223                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            133785511                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           133783268                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        79507627                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       208262001                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.523249                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381767                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100474788                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    123270376                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20699171                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33605                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2044804                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231119217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180766842     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23348050     10.10%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9783161      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5881428      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4071764      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2630967      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1364152      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1097907      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2174946      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231119217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    100474788                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    123270376                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18672426                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11337159                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             16766                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17642051                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       111133245                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2507951                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2174946                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          372913142                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         291622157                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3034582                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              20875775                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         100474788                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           123270376                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    100474788                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.544698                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.544698                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.392974                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.392974                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      604601571                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     185679389                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     134608273                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        33574                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              255677980                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       23160216                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19283131                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2102073                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8803458                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8466041                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2492632                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97629                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201465436                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            127063679                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          23160216                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10958673                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            26484025                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5853897                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      6917124                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12509058                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2008888                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    238599357                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      212115332     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1624836      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2039071      0.85%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3256869      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1374875      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1759105      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        2047413      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         939559      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       13442297      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    238599357                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090584                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.496968                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      200277879                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      8219461                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        26357210                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        12583                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3732223                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3525538                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          549                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    155323378                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2647                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3732223                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      200482169                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        651830                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      6999470                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        26165416                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       568241                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    154360341                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        81933                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       395938                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    215580244                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    717820352                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    717820352                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    180441657                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       35138587                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        37332                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19437                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1996027                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     14456819                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7560241                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84528                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1714753                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        150710178                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37467                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       144606821                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       144779                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18238884                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37134013                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1374                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238599357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177330000     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27940262     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11426515      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6404063      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8676201      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2672787      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2625479      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1412673      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111377      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238599357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        995218     78.96%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       136329     10.82%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128926     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121823279     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1976280      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17895      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13252019      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7537348      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    144606821                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.565582                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1260473                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008717                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529218251                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168987229                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140846844                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    145867294                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107064                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2729061                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          703                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       107811                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           18                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3732223                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        496368                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62119                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150747651                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       119070                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14456819                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7560241                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19437                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54205                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          703                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1244337                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1182603                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2426940                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142092250                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13035467                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2514571                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           20571921                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       20095214                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7536454                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.555747                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            140847437                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           140846844                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        84389876                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       226708020                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.550876                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372240                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104976585                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    129355595                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21392670                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36093                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2120068                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234867134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180120433     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27746361     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10072445      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5018906      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4589324      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1926414      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1909289      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       909170      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2574792      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234867134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    104976585                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    129355595                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             19180188                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11727758                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             18006                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         18749838                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       116462117                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2671168                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2574792                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          383039879                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         305228772                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3053640                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              17078623                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         104976585                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           129355595                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    104976585                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.435572                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.435572                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.410581                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.410581                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      639346797                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     196806494                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     143648815                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        36062                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              255677980                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19385610                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17309809                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1545904                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12990122                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12662881                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1163482                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46703                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204933078                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            110078857                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19385610                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     13826363                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24550551                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5064809                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      3123432                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12398289                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1517446                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    236117307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      211566756     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        3744265      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1889674      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3706434      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1186329      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3432188      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         540356      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         870430      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        9180875      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    236117307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075820                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.430537                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      202440756                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      5662465                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24502291                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        19706                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3492085                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1830573                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        18136                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    123137586                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        34328                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3492085                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      202718553                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       3426785                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1383240                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24245736                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       850904                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    122960123                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        95676                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       682439                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    161150401                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    557255751                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    557255751                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    130737852                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       30412539                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        16509                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8357                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1842797                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     22185639                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      3599862                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23472                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       818043                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        122323190                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16569                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       114568826                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74456                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22023293                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45090686                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          125                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236117307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485220                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097536                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    185840006     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15884834      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16796675      7.11%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9753435      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5028702      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1258618      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1491559      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34739      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28739      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236117307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192226     57.32%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78512     23.41%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64645     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89838979     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       897806      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8153      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20254798     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3569090      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    114568826                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.448098                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335383                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465664798                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144363346                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111663047                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    114904209                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89326                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4514646                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          125                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          301                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82353                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3492085                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2324116                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104659                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122339838                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14852                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22185639                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3599862                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8355                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40958                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2414                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          301                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045164                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       592982                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1638146                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113115462                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19962952                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1453364                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  79                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           23531842                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17198017                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          3568890                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.442414                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            111688685                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           111663047                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        67570699                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       147130477                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.436733                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.459257                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88968081                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    100160842                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22184084                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16444                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1536213                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232625222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195334457     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14652160      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9411903      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2960710      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4918973      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       958793      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608110      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       556699      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3223417      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232625222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     88968081                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    100160842                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             21188498                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            17670989                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              8204                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         15367995                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        87531224                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1252157                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      3223417                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          351746393                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         248184702                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4557672                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              19560673                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          88968081                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           100160842                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     88968081                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.873817                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.873817                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.347969                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.347969                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      525792842                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     145492327                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     130786945                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        16428                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              255677980                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       20713581                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16939219                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2019277                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8524790                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8169031                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2131979                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89677                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201028096                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            117593116                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          20713581                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10301010                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24632216                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5870224                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      3542252                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12359556                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2035440                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    233009252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      208377036     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1328986      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2104930      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3360315      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1392711      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1551219      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1664179      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1089771      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       12140105      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    233009252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.081014                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.459927                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      199172458                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      5412282                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24555787                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        62502                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3806220                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3397152                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          471                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    143595481                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         3032                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3806220                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      199471661                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1739268                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      2788540                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24324939                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       878619                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    143520242                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents        24929                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       247723                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       330729                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents        43390                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    199258058                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    667667422                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    667667422                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    170117210                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       29140839                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        36357                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19905                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2637517                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     13663988                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7349609                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221649                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1674323                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        143336410                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36463                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       135647062                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166860                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18197711                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40549899                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3283                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233009252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175829394     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22944043      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12538279      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8561217      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8010342      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2302731      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1794502      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       609177      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       419567      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233009252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31618     12.53%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97408     38.60%     51.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123333     48.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113633796     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2147436      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16449      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12534553      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7314828      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    135647062                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.530539                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252359                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504722595                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161572080                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133476321                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    135899421                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       407911                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2435839                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          353                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1533                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       211829                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8461                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3806220                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1157904                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121859                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143373016                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8508                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13663988                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7349609                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19892                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89543                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1533                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181446                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1151436                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2332882                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133725153                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11787924                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1921909                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 143                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           19101034                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       18810833                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7313110                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.523022                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            133477370                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           133476321                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        78034354                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       203902301                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.522049                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382705                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99926790                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    122484812                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20888432                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33180                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2062050                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229203032                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534394                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179482562     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24078587     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9372699      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5052654      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3781052      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2112317      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1301420      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1165376      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2856365      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229203032                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     99926790                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    122484812                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             18365926                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11228146                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             16554                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17582264                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       110367896                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2488255                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2856365                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          369719235                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         290552939                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3242760                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              22668728                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          99926790                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           122484812                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     99926790                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.558653                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.558653                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.390831                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.390831                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      603038880                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     185018400                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     133934218                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        33148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              255677980                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       23167473                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19286042                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2101321                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8842064                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8470704                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2491849                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97730                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201513351                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            127098300                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          23167473                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     10962553                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            26486594                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5844874                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      6885130                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12511425                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2008541                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    238609523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654524                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      212122929     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1625507      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2041866      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3260411      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1368563      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1757685      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        2048271      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         941552      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       13442739      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    238609523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090612                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.497103                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      200326382                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      8186343                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        26360397                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        12500                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3723900                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3529581                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          548                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    155334605                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2633                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3723900                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      200530264                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        650870                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      6967443                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        26169244                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       567794                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    154374909                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        81468                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       396197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    215616007                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    717870433                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    717870433                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    180523680                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       35092327                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        37494                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19591                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1996147                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     14432608                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7565219                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84698                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1714341                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        150727137                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37625                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       144656961                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       145830                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18183584                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36939946                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1516                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238609523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177318661     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27949750     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11435440      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6403996      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8672856      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2675893      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2628811      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1412340      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111776      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238609523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        997643     79.12%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       134349     10.65%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129011     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121865092     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1977662      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17903      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13254003      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7542301      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    144656961                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.565778                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1261003                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008717                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529330278                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168949053                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140897972                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    145917964                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107115                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2699518                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           51                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          710                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       109384                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           65                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3723900                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        495984                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62458                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150764767                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       118447                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14432608                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7565219                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19591                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54581                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          710                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1243444                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1180829                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2424273                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142141806                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13038559                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2515155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           20580264                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       20104685                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7541705                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.555941                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            140898382                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           140897972                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        84406230                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       226714751                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.551076                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372301                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105024295                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    129414408                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21351017                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36109                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2119340                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234885623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180116802     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27754755     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10075628      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5024659      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4589873      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1930458      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1907505      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       909936      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2576007      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234885623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    105024295                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    129414408                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             19188925                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            11733090                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             18014                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         18758352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       116515077                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2672385                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2576007                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          383074313                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         305254767                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3049572                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              17068457                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         105024295                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           129414408                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    105024295                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.434465                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.434465                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.410768                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.410768                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      639579962                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     196876904                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     143691949                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        36078                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              255677980                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       21044637                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17219690                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2061458                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8853751                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8295013                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2176440                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93953                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202877530                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            117611108                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          21044637                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10471453                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24569358                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5603487                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      4838817                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12412111                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2062878                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    235800978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      211231620     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1150845      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1824289      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2468362      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2537454      1.08%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        2146104      0.91%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1195365      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1780057      0.75%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11466882      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    235800978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082309                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.459997                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      200815939                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      6917801                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24525455                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        26881                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3514899                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3463092                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    144343727                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1960                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3514899                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      201367273                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1423945                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      4233562                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        24008113                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles      1253183                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    144290395                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       171443                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       546396                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    201363686                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    671212602                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    671212602                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    174834979                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       26528686                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        36251                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19066                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         3751149                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13520099                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7321728                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85982                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1721308                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        144117252                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36380                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       136992431                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18753                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15729917                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37475666                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1719                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235800978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177817169     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23849787     10.11%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12090231      5.13%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9103357      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7151184      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2889228      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1824552      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       949837      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125633      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235800978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25626     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83388     36.60%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118808     52.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115221464     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2039692      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17184      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12415850      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7298241      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    136992431                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.535801                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            227822                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    510032413                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159884110                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134927400                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    137220253                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       280106                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2162217                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          142                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          564                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96192                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3514899                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1139178                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122697                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144153771                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52470                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13520099                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7321728                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19067                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103743                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          564                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1201565                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1155247                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2356812                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135092166                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11684367                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1900263                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           18982335                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       19205904                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7297968                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.528368                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            134927649                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           134927400                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        77460169                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       208700528                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.527724                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371155                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101917049                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    125407788                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18745998                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34661                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2087460                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232286079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388823                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180853872     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25486065     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9632638      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4590771      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3867670      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2220282      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1944804      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       876596      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2813381      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232286079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    101917049                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    125407788                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18583416                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11357880                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             17292                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         18083888                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       112991040                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2582430                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2813381                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          373625782                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         291822549                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3076830                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              19877002                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         101917049                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           125407788                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    101917049                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.508687                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.508687                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.398615                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.398615                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      608032142                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     187965138                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     133803893                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        34630                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              255677980                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       19389280                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17314307                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1545337                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12985825                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12665394                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1164309                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46883                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204967499                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            110109706                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          19389280                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     13829703                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            24556057                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5063893                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      3117060                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12399709                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1516798                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    236150504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      211594447     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        3742807      1.58%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1890979      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3706759      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1188269      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3432295      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         541780      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         871084      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        9182084      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    236150504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.075835                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.430658                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      202492034                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      5639279                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        24507757                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        19700                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3491730                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1829531                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        18134                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    123170254                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        34299                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3491730                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      202768222                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       3406933                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1384799                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        24251979                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       846837                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    122992255                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        95314                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       678438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    161193866                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    557418213                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    557418213                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    130779701                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       30414129                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        16508                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8352                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1837749                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     22192643                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      3601061                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23477                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       818768                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        122357777                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16567                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       114601946                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74155                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22024421                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45116124                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          117                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236150504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    185864053     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15883800      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16800991      7.11%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9757777      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5026911      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1259161      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1494159      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34786      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28866      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236150504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192125     57.29%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78510     23.41%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64695     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89861154     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       898373      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8156      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20263872     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3570391      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    114601946                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.448228                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335330                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465763880                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144399064                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111694773                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    114937276                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89812                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4516204                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          107                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          308                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82428                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3491730                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2312389                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104310                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122374428                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15813                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22192643                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3601061                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8351                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41228                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2343                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          308                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045457                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       592672                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1638129                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113149548                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19970970                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1452397                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           23541139                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       17201386                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          3570169                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.442547                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            111720587                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           111694773                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        67594222                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       147198434                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.436857                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.459205                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88996299                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    100192630                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22186792                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16450                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1535657                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232658774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430642                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301439                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195355987     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14655566      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9416025      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2962559      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4919867      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       959467      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608554      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       556782      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3223967      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232658774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     88996299                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    100192630                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             21195072                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            17676439                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              8208                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         15372824                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        87559027                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1252543                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      3223967                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          351813891                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         248253356                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4557937                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              19527476                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          88996299                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           100192630                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     88996299                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.872906                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.872906                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.348080                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.348080                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      525960216                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     145533504                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     130824242                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        16432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              255677980                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20695769                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16924939                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023857                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8671460                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8178504                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2131725                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89975                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201053998                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            117409606                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20695769                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10310229                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24616090                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5862369                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3517529                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12362318                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2039498                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    232981834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      208365744     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1335921      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2110970      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3361363      1.44%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1389458      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1558162      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1654619      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1083226      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12122371      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    232981834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.080945                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.459209                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      199199778                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      5386337                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24539340                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        62630                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3793746                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3393357                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          474                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    143392903                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         3073                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3793746                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      199504787                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1740087                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      2760206                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24302904                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       880099                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    143311511                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        27789                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       247102                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       330604                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        43615                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    198982614                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    666658961                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    666658961                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    170028544                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       28954040                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        36522                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20078                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2644522                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13664865                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7340596                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221379                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1666997                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        143116346                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36631                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       135542548                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166702                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18041702                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39958979                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3470                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    232981834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175822013     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22943179      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12555525      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8548781      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7989773      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2299258      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1795654      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       608538      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       419113      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    232981834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31513     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97241     38.59%     51.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123254     48.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113548254     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2139374      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16440      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12533105      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7305375      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    135542548                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530130                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252008                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001859                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504485636                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161196171                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133356937                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    135794556                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       408746                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2442564                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          315                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1520                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       206557                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8480                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3793746                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1159230                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122080                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143153116                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        43975                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13664865                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7340596                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20066                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89942                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1520                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1186082                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1151215                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2337297                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133607103                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11786441                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1935441                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19090029                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18802063                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7303588                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.522560                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            133358001                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           133356937                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        77973361                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       203693219                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.521582                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382798                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99874611                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    122420963                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20732355                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33161                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2066664                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229188088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179483908     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24071875     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9374361      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5046134      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3781506      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2112603      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1302047      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1164589      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2851065      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229188088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     99874611                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    122420963                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18356337                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11222298                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             16544                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17573156                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       110310305                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2486958                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2851065                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          369489665                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         290100588                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3245367                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              22696146                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          99874611                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           122420963                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     99874611                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.559990                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.559990                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.390627                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.390627                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      602524736                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     184865807                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     133739640                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        33130                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              255677980                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       19383941                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17309757                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1545026                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12987432                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12662940                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1164304                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        47041                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204957054                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            110080104                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          19383941                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     13827244                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            24551734                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5061696                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      3125589                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12398276                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1516503                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    236142401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      211590667     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        3743643      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1889437      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3706264      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1188374      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3433404      1.45%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         541005      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         870435      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        9179172      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    236142401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.075814                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.430542                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      202494437                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      5634916                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        24503442                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        19738                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3489864                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1828832                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        18135                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    123140302                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        34342                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3489864                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      202769280                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       3402396                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1388012                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        24248679                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       844166                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    122963165                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          244                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        95315                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       675769                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    161152623                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    557285620                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    557285620                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    130764985                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       30387627                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        16507                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8352                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1833278                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     22189966                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      3600669                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23912                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       816834                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        122332113                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16568                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       114586321                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73801                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22009817                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45054972                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236142401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485242                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    185862138     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15879143      6.72%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16803239      7.12%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9755414      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5026739      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1259249      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1492935      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34705      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28839      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236142401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191824     57.25%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78532     23.44%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64682     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89850711     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       897995      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8155      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20259638     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3569822      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    114586321                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.448167                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335038                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002924                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465723880                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144358797                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111682124                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    114921359                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90994                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4514453                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          106                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          307                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82622                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3489864                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       2314378                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103516                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122348765                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15639                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22189966                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3600669                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8352                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40916                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2324                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          307                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045032                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       592496                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1637528                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113134835                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19968247                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1451484                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           23537887                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       17200164                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          3569640                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.442490                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            111707893                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           111682124                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        67586319                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       147172145                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.436808                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.459233                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88987777                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    100182195                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22171539                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16448                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1535325                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232652537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301467                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195356002     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14652312      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9414623      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2962792      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4918879      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       958104      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608145      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       556085      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3225595      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232652537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     88987777                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    100182195                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             21193560                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            17675513                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              8206                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15371321                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        87549649                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1252339                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      3225595                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          351780338                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         248200088                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4557925                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              19535579                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          88987777                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           100182195                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     88987777                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.873181                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.873181                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.348046                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.348046                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      525896176                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     145516507                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     130793742                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        16432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         358767                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.687847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2032207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         391534                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.190372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           218.265353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.548980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1984.958176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.032297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  2516.884738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.706756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  2520.799731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.481063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1571.709959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.542789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1663.006137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.984913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  2527.271327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.628656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   959.817850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.655031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1638.056768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.501855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   968.075963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.618223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1574.632214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.642352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  2011.147099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.591615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   971.758763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.973914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1210.098357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.573037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1577.095571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.679990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1991.272447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.531652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1562.383412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           452.250353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           390.055339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           382.477053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           315.245528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           343.669854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           357.790036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           247.522665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           331.221509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           253.424924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           297.498186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           364.918525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           253.417792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           268.605671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           312.544992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           364.956298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           315.162132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.060576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.076809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.076929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.047965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.050751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.077126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.029291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.049990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.029543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.048054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.061375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.029656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.036929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.048129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.060769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.047680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.013802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.011904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.011672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.009621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.010488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.010919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.007554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.010108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.007734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.009079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.011136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.007734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.008197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.009538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.011138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.009618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        49540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        49305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        35327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        36186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        49150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        35876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        25253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        35262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        42908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        25405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        26707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        35409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        42733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        35323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  593386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           166748                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                166748                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          210                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2022                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        44009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        49618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        49380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        35400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        36342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        49225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        36032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        25467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        35338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        43045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        25617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        26859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        35477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        42870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        35392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   595408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        44009                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        49618                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        49380                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        35400                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        36342                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        49225                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25317                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        36032                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        25467                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        35338                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        43045                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        25617                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        26859                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        35477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        42870                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        35392                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  595408                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11723                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        29811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14822                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                358605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        29811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 358634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28971                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32461                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32786                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20233                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32860                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11723                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20355                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11554                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20325                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        29811                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11416                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14822                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20234                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29963                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20305                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                358634                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5989517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4741317884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5942127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5281351614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5900747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5331588094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5263814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3272490392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5780424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3318711482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6105402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5340656798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6080246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1921721678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6017836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3347409749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5265160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1888670871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5316476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3301261934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5669208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4884507493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5581694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1867914282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6123778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2411460129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5269344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3278984362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5819602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4899649672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5322623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3292998060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58472142492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       522739                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       491278                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       437069                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       489763                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       802006                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       145538                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1005925                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       804411                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       4698729                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5989517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4741840623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5942127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5281351614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5900747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5332079372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5263814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3272490392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5780424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3319148551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6105402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5341146561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6080246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1921721678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6017836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3348211755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5265160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1888670871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5316476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3301407472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5669208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4884507493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5581694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1867914282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6123778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2411460129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5269344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3279990287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5819602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4899649672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5322623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3293802471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      58476841221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5989517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4741840623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5942127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5281351614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5900747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5332079372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5263814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3272490392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5780424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3319148551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6105402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5341146561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6080246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1921721678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6017836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3348211755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5265160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1888670871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5316476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3301407472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5669208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4884507493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5581694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1867914282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6123778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2411460129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5269344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3279990287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5819602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4899649672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5322623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3293802471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     58476841221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        82001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        82088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        56416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        82007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        36830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        56226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        36807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        72719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        36821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        41529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        55637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        55623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              951991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       166748                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            166748                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2051                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        82079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        82166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        56575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        82085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        37040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        56387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        37021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        72856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        37033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        41681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        55711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        55697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               954042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        82079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        82166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        56575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        82085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        37040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        56387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        37021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        72856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        37033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        41681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        55711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        55697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              954042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.397677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.395861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.399364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.363947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.358586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.400661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.318300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.361932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.313908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.409948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.310040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.363571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.412168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.364957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.376689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021898                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.018868                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.031056                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012987                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.081081                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.067568                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.014139                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.396972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.395485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.399021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.363470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.357631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.400317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.316496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.360987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.312093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.409177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.308266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.355606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.363196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.411393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.364562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.375910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.396972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.395485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.399021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.363470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.357631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.400317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.316496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.360987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.312093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.409177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.308266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.355606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.363196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.411393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.364562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.375910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149737.925000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163674.326291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152362.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162698.364622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151301.205128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162632.708843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154818.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 161892.272287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152116.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164049.010479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148912.243902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162542.435341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152006.150000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163927.465495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154303.487179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164491.879558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150433.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163464.676389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156366.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162431.703110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149189.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163849.166180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150856.594595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163622.484408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149360.439024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162694.651801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154980.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162101.263694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153147.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163523.334513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156547.735294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162216.653202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163054.454043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 174246.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 163759.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 145689.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 163254.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 160401.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       145538                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 167654.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 160882.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162025.137931                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149737.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163675.421042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152362.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162698.364622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151301.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162632.811932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154818.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 161892.272287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152116.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164046.288291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148912.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162542.500335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152006.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163927.465495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154303.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164490.874724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150433.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163464.676389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156366.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162430.871931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149189.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163849.166180                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150856.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163622.484408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149360.439024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162694.651801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154980.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162102.910299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153147.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163523.334513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156547.735294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162216.324600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163054.370810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149737.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163675.421042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152362.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162698.364622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151301.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162632.811932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154818.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 161892.272287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152116.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164046.288291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148912.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162542.500335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152006.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163927.465495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154303.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164490.874724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150433.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163464.676389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156366.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162430.871931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149189.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163849.166180                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150856.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163622.484408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149360.439024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162694.651801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154980.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162102.910299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153147.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163523.334513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156547.735294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162216.324600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163054.370810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                83974                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     83974                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        29811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           358605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        29811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            358634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        29811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           358634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3660266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3054547949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3674194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3392036975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3630719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3423552454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3288614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2095032303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3569577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2140645465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3717908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3428439545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3755829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1239127600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3743720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2162249483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3229694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1215877912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3341014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2117435526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3457460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3148677031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3427982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1203250585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3736790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1548343032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3290207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2100707710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3608805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3154970458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3347088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2110560490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37591934385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       348320                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       316128                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       262335                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       314282                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       511396                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        86777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       656148                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       513108                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3008494                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3660266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3054896269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3674194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3392036975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3630719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3423868582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3288614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2095032303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3569577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2140907800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3717908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3428753827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3755829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1239127600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3743720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2162760879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3229694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1215877912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3341014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2117522303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3457460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3148677031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3427982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1203250585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3736790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1548343032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3290207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2101363858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3608805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3154970458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3347088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2111073598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37594942879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3660266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3054896269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3674194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3392036975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3630719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3423868582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3288614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2095032303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3569577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2140907800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3717908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3428753827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3755829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1239127600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3743720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2162760879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3229694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1215877912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3341014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2117522303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3457460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3148677031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3427982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1203250585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3736790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1548343032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3290207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2101363858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3608805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3154970458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3347088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2111073598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37594942879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.397677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.395861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.399364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.363947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.358586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.400661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.318300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.361932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.313908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.409948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.310040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.363571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.412168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.364957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.376689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.018868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.031056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.081081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.067568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.396972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.395485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.399021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.363470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.357631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.400317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.316496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.360987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.312093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.409177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.308266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.355606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.363196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.411393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.364562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.375910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.396972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.395485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.399021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.363470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.357631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.400317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.316496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.360987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.312093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.409177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.308266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.355606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.363196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.411393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.364562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.375910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 91506.650000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105445.593379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94210.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104495.763378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93095.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104430.724888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96723.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103642.638914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93936.236842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105815.396194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90680.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104344.265910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93895.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105700.554466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 95992.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106253.045848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92276.971429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105234.370088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98265.117647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104183.995572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90985.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105621.315320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92648.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105400.366591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91141.219512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104462.490352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 96770.794118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103851.478643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94968.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105295.546441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 98443.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103968.497044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104828.249425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116106.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       105376                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        87445                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104760.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102279.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        86777                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       109358                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102621.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103741.172414                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 91506.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105446.697353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94210.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104495.763378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93095.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104430.811383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96723.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103642.638914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93936.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105812.672367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90680.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104344.303926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93895.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105700.554466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 95992.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106252.069713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92276.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105234.370088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98265.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104183.139139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90985.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105621.315320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92648.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105400.366591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91141.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104462.490352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 96770.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103853.111496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94968.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105295.546441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 98443.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103968.165378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104828.161521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 91506.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105446.697353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94210.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104495.763378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93095.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104430.811383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96723.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103642.638914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93936.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105812.672367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90680.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104344.303926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93895.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105700.554466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 95992.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106252.069713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92276.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105234.370088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98265.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104183.139139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90985.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105621.315320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92648.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105400.366591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91141.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104462.490352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 96770.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103853.111496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94968.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105295.546441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 98443.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103968.165378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104828.161521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              529.040533                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012379126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1906552.026365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    39.978406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   489.062127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.064068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.783753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12371077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12371077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12371077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12371077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12371077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12371077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8141547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8141547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8141547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8141547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8141547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8141547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12371128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12371128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12371128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12371128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12371128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12371128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159638.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159638.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159638.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159638.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159638.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159638.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6757553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6757553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6757553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6757553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6757553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6757553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164818.365854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164818.365854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164818.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164818.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164818.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164818.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72980                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              180702394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              2467.398465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   234.196716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    21.803284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.914831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.085169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8579887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8579887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7108672                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7108672                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16586                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16586                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15688559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15688559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15688559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15688559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       184499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          829                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          829                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       185328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       185328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       185328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       185328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  22401297027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22401297027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73515988                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73515988                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  22474813015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22474813015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  22474813015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22474813015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8764386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8764386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        19747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15873887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15873887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15873887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15873887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121416.902135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121416.902135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 88680.323281                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88680.323281                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121270.466497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121270.466497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121270.466497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121270.466497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8901                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8901                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       111656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       112348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       112348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7998400852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7998400852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9421295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9421295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8007822147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8007822147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8007822147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8007822147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109803.287234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109803.287234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 68768.576642                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68768.576642                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109726.255782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109726.255782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109726.255782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109726.255782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              579.368501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1037043948                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1778806.085763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.288681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.079820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.061360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12102622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12102622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12102622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12102622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12102622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12102622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8055723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8055723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8055723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8055723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8055723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8055723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12102669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12102669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12102669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12102669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12102669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12102669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 171398.361702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171398.361702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 171398.361702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171398.361702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 171398.361702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171398.361702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6777155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6777155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6777155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6777155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6777155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6777155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169428.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169428.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169428.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169428.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169428.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169428.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                82079                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              448680719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                82335                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              5449.453076                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.907019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.092981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.437137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.562863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     31742685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31742685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17382490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17382490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         9014                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9014                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8481                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8481                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     49125175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       49125175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     49125175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      49125175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       290932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          257                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          257                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       291189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       291189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       291189                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       291189                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  35013339888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35013339888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     22438045                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22438045                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  35035777933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35035777933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  35035777933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35035777933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     32033617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32033617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17382747                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17382747                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         9014                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9014                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8481                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8481                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     49416364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49416364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     49416364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49416364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120348.878391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120348.878391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 87307.568093                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87307.568093                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120319.716517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120319.716517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120319.716517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120319.716517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14725                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           14725                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       208931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       209110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       209110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       209110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       209110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        82001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        82079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        82079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9086537588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9086537588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5596297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5596297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9092133885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9092133885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9092133885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9092133885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110810.082658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110810.082658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 71747.397436                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71747.397436                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110772.961232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110772.961232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110772.961232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110772.961232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              579.321080                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1037041112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1778801.221269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    38.279094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   541.041986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.061345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.867054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12099786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12099786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12099786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12099786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12099786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12099786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8269868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8269868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8269868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8269868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8269868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8269868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12099837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12099837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12099837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12099837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12099837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12099837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162154.274510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162154.274510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162154.274510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162154.274510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162154.274510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162154.274510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6729219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6729219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6729219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6729219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6729219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6729219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168230.475000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168230.475000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168230.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168230.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168230.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168230.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                82166                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              448679600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                82422                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              5443.687365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.907603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.092397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.437139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.562861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     31742451                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31742451                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17382131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17382131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8489                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8489                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     49124582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       49124582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     49124582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      49124582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       291358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       291358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       291616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       291616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       291616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       291616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  35124107421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35124107421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23954076                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23954076                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  35148061497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35148061497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  35148061497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35148061497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     32033809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32033809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17382389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17382389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8489                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8489                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     49416198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49416198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     49416198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49416198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120553.090771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120553.090771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92845.255814                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92845.255814                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120528.576954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120528.576954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120528.576954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120528.576954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14595                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           14595                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       209270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       209270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       209450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       209450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       209450                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       209450                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        82088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        82166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        82166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9129512642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9129512642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      5947528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5947528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9135460170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9135460170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9135460170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9135460170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111216.166090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111216.166090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 76250.358974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76250.358974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111182.973128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111182.973128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111182.973128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111182.973128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              558.757322                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              926219406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1648077.234875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    33.621438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   525.135884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.053881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.841564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12400859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12400859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12400859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12400859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12400859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12400859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7911930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7911930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7911930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7911930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7911930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7911930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12400908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12400908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12400908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12400908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12400908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12400908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161467.959184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161467.959184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161467.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161467.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161467.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161467.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6101068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6101068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6101068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6101068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6101068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6101068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 174316.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174316.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 174316.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174316.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 174316.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174316.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                55614                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              223857855                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                55870                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4006.763111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   201.614356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    54.385644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.787556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.212444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     18237681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18237681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3501280                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3501280                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8290                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8290                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8217                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8217                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     21738961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       21738961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     21738961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      21738961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       194013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          350                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          350                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       194363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       194363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       194363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       194363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22259465216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22259465216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     30262445                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30262445                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22289727661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22289727661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22289727661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22289727661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     18431694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18431694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3501630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3501630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8217                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8217                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     21933324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21933324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     21933324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21933324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114731.823208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114731.823208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86464.128571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86464.128571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114680.920036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114680.920036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114680.920036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114680.920036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            6453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       138472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       138749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       138749                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138749                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5864311744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5864311744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4858570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4858570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5869170314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5869170314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5869170314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5869170314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105585.274734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105585.274734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 66555.753425                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66555.753425                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105534.043838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105534.043838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105534.043838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105534.043838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              519.316173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1007781479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1934321.456814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    37.316173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.059802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12219033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12219033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12219033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12219033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12219033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12219033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7405266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7405266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7405266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7405266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7405266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7405266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12219081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12219081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12219081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12219081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12219081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12219081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154276.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154276.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154276.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154276.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154276.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154276.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6298376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6298376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6298376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6298376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6298376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6298376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161496.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161496.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161496.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161496.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161496.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161496.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                56575                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              172047421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                56831                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3027.351639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.869507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.130493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.913553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.086447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8621095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8621095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7296928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7296928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17773                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17773                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        16791                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16791                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15918023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15918023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15918023                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15918023                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       193363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       193363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3838                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3838                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       197201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       197201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       197201                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       197201                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25308929438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25308929438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    481541715                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    481541715                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25790471153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25790471153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25790471153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25790471153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8814458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8814458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7300766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7300766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17773                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17773                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        16791                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16791                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16115224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16115224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16115224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16115224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 130888.171150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130888.171150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125466.835591                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125466.835591                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 130782.659079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130782.659079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 130782.659079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130782.659079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           18961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       136947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       140626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       140626                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140626                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        56416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        56575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        56575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5973881030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5973881030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10894529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10894529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5984775559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5984775559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5984775559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5984775559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105889.836748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105889.836748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 68519.050314                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68519.050314                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105784.808820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105784.808820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105784.808820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105784.808820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              580.779240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1037040997                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1772719.652991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    39.737216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   541.042024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.063681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.867055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12099671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12099671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12099671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12099671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12099671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12099671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8217214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8217214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8217214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8217214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8217214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8217214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12099723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12099723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12099723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12099723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12099723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12099723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158023.346154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158023.346154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158023.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158023.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158023.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158023.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6755985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6755985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6755985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6755985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6755985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6755985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160856.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160856.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160856.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160856.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160856.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160856.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                82085                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              448669808                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                82341                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              5448.923477                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.908183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.091817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.437141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.562859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     31736093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31736093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17378700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17378700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8488                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8488                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     49114793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       49114793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     49114793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      49114793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       290806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          255                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          255                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       291061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       291061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       291061                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       291061                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  35054502533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35054502533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     23298739                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23298739                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  35077801272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35077801272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  35077801272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35077801272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     32026899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32026899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17378955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17378955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8488                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8488                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     49405854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49405854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     49405854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49405854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120542.569730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120542.569730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91367.603922                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91367.603922                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120517.009397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120517.009397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120517.009397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120517.009397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13917                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           13917                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       208799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       208976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       208976                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208976                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        82007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        82085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        82085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9134202387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9134202387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5846832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5846832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9140049219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9140049219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9140049219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9140049219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 111383.203714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111383.203714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 74959.384615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74959.384615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 111348.592544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111348.592544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 111348.592544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111348.592544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              495.866242                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1009869120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2031929.818913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    40.866242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.065491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12506600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12506600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12506600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12506600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12506600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12506600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8833381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8833381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8833381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8833381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8833381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8833381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12506653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12506653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12506653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12506653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12506653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12506653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166667.566038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166667.566038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166667.566038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166667.566038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166667.566038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166667.566038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7174281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7174281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7174281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7174281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7174281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7174281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170816.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170816.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170816.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170816.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170816.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170816.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                37040                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              163792318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                37296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4391.685918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.188468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.811532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.910892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.089108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9978728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9978728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7412888                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7412888                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19337                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19337                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18029                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18029                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17391616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       17391616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17391616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      17391616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        95006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2091                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2091                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        97097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        97097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        97097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        97097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10390021309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10390021309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    144575428                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    144575428                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10534596737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10534596737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10534596737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10534596737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     10073734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10073734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7414979                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7414979                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19337                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19337                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18029                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18029                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17488713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17488713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17488713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17488713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000282                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000282                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109361.738301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109361.738301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 69141.763749                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69141.763749                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108495.594478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108495.594478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108495.594478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108495.594478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       164861                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 20607.625000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8010                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8010                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        58176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        60057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        60057                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60057                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        37040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        37040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3723178062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3723178062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     16408028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16408028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3739586090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3739586090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3739586090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3739586090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101090.905838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101090.905838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 78133.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78133.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100960.747570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100960.747570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100960.747570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100960.747570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              520.020545                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1007779792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1930612.628352                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    38.020545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.060930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12217346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12217346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12217346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12217346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12217346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12217346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7854855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7854855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7854855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7854855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7854855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7854855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12217396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12217396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12217396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12217396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12217396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12217396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157097.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157097.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157097.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157097.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157097.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157097.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6559979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6559979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6559979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6559979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6559979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6559979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163999.475000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163999.475000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163999.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163999.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163999.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163999.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                56387                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              172038769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                56643                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3037.246774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.869912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.130088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.913554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.086446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8613857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8613857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7295474                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7295474                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17817                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17817                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        16787                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16787                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15909331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       15909331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15909331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      15909331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       192516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3847                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3847                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       196363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       196363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       196363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       196363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25189715784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25189715784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    489878753                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    489878753                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25679594537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25679594537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25679594537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25679594537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8806373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8806373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7299321                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7299321                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17817                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17817                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        16787                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16787                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16105694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16105694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16105694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16105694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 130844.790999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130844.790999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 127340.460879                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127340.460879                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 130776.136731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130776.136731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 130776.136731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130776.136731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           18915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       136290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       139976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       139976                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139976                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        56226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        56387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        56387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5980610710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5980610710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11258726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11258726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5991869436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5991869436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5991869436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5991869436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106367.351581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106367.351581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 69929.975155                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69929.975155                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106263.313104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106263.313104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106263.313104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106263.313104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              491.344755                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1009871527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2052584.404472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    36.344755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.058245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12509007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12509007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12509007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12509007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12509007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12509007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8358525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8358525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8358525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8358525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8358525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8358525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12509058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12509058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12509058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12509058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12509058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12509058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163892.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163892.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163892.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163892.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163892.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163892.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6334401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6334401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6334401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6334401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6334401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6334401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171200.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171200.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171200.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171200.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171200.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171200.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                37021                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              163796546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                37277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4394.037771                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.162260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.837740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.910790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.089210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      9982222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9982222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7413807                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7413807                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19150                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19150                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18031                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18031                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17396029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       17396029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17396029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      17396029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        95063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2193                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2193                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        97256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        97256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        97256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        97256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10347891733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10347891733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    146823263                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    146823263                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10494714996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10494714996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10494714996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10494714996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     10077285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10077285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7416000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7416000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        19150                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19150                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        18031                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18031                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17493285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17493285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17493285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17493285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108852.989418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108852.989418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 66950.872321                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66950.872321                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107908.149585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107908.149585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107908.149585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107908.149585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        73552                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 12258.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8012                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8012                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        58256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        60235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        60235                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60235                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        37021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        37021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3697785384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3697785384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     16537336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16537336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3714322720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3714322720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3714322720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3714322720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100464.188442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100464.188442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 77277.271028                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77277.271028                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100330.156398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100330.156398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100330.156398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100330.156398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              559.199304                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              926216791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1648072.581851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    34.104333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.094971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.054654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12398244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12398244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12398244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12398244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12398244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12398244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7328548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7328548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7328548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7328548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7328548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7328548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12398289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12398289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12398289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12398289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12398289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12398289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162856.622222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162856.622222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162856.622222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162856.622222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162856.622222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162856.622222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5860409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5860409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5860409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5860409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5860409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5860409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167440.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167440.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167440.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167440.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167440.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167440.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                55663                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              223852629                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                55919                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4003.158658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   202.218647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    53.781353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.789917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.210083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     18233230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18233230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3500515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3500515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8283                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8283                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8214                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8214                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     21733745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       21733745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     21733745                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      21733745                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       194132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          382                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          382                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       194514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       194514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       194514                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       194514                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22329531683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22329531683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     33833418                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33833418                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22363365101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22363365101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22363365101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22363365101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     18427362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18427362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3500897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3500897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8283                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8283                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8214                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8214                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     21928259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21928259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     21928259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21928259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000109                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 115022.416103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115022.416103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 88569.157068                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88569.157068                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 114970.465370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114970.465370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 114970.465370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114970.465370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            6586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       138546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       138851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       138851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5888074104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5888074104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5370280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5370280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5893444384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5893444384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5893444384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5893444384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105927.285719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105927.285719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 69743.896104                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69743.896104                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105877.232345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105877.232345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105877.232345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105877.232345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              527.635025                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1012367555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1913738.289225                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    37.635025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.060313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12359506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12359506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12359506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12359506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12359506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12359506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7740900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7740900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7740900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7740900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7740900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7740900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12359556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12359556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12359556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12359556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12359556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12359556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       154818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       154818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       154818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       154818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       154818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       154818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6173805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6173805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6173805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6173805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6173805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6173805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158302.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158302.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158302.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158302.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158302.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158302.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                72856                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              180691437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                73112                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              2471.433376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   234.201125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    21.798875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.914848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.085152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8574180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8574180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7103459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7103459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19722                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19722                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        16574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15677639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       15677639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15677639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      15677639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       184428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          830                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          830                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       185258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       185258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       185258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       185258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  22652831640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22652831640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     70727607                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70727607                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  22723559247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22723559247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  22723559247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22723559247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8758608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8758608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7104289                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7104289                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        19722                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19722                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        16574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15862897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15862897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15862897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15862897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122827.507971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122827.507971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 85213.984337                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85213.984337                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122658.990419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122658.990419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122658.990419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122658.990419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9016                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            9016                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       111709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       112402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       112402                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112402                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        72719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        72856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        72856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8084593240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8084593240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9160927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9160927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8093754167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8093754167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8093754167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8093754167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111175.803298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111175.803298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 66868.080292                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66868.080292                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111092.486096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111092.486096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111092.486096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111092.486096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              493.056345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1009873897                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2044279.143725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    38.056345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.060988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12511377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12511377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12511377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12511377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12511377                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12511377                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7662457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7662457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7662457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7662457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7662457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7662457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12511425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12511425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12511425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12511425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12511425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12511425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159634.520833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159634.520833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159634.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159634.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159634.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159634.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6227534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6227534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6227534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6227534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6227534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6227534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159680.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159680.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159680.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159680.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159680.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159680.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                37033                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              163801712                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                37289                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4392.762262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.184926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.815074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.910879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.089121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      9983786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9983786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7417250                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7417250                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19301                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19301                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18039                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18039                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17401036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       17401036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17401036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      17401036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        95080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2139                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2139                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        97219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        97219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        97219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        97219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10333269735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10333269735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    143061224                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    143061224                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10476330959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10476330959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10476330959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10476330959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     10078866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10078866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7419389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7419389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        19301                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19301                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        18039                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18039                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17498255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17498255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17498255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17498255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108679.740587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108679.740587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 66882.292660                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66882.292660                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107760.118485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107760.118485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107760.118485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107760.118485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       233576                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 23357.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7908                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            7908                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        58259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        60186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        60186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3685028029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3685028029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     16152594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16152594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3701180623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3701180623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3701180623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3701180623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100079.520627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100079.520627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 76191.481132                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76191.481132                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99942.770583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99942.770583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99942.770583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99942.770583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              516.876745                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1006675161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1943388.341699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    41.876745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.067110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12412059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12412059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12412059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12412059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12412059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12412059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7993334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7993334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7993334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7993334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7993334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7993334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12412111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12412111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12412111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12412111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12412111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12412111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153717.961538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153717.961538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153717.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153717.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153717.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153717.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6744848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6744848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6744848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6744848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6744848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6744848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156856.930233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156856.930233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156856.930233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156856.930233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156856.930233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156856.930233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                41681                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              165992632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                41937                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3958.142738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.523881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.476119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.912203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.087797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8542119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8542119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7191386                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7191386                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18929                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18929                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17315                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17315                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15733505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15733505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15733505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15733505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       133473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          889                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          889                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       134362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       134362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       134362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       134362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16569262983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16569262983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     76114725                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76114725                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16645377708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16645377708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16645377708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16645377708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8675592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8675592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7192275                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7192275                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        18929                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18929                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17315                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17315                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15867867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15867867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15867867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15867867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 124139.436313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124139.436313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 85618.363330                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85618.363330                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123884.563403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123884.563403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123884.563403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123884.563403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        91944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        92681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        92681                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92681                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        41529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        41681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        41681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4355298532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4355298532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9992885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9992885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4365291417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4365291417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4365291417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4365291417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104873.667365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104873.667365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 65742.664474                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65742.664474                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104730.966556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104730.966556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104730.966556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104730.966556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              559.203781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              926218210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1648075.106762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    34.108863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   525.094918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.054662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.841498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12399663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12399663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12399663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12399663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12399663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12399663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7461104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7461104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7461104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7461104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7461104                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7461104                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12399709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12399709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12399709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12399709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12399709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12399709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162197.913043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162197.913043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162197.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162197.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162197.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162197.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6053740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6053740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6053740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6053740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6053740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6053740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       172964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       172964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       172964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                55711                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              223860682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                55967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3999.869244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   201.998014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    54.001986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.789055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.210945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     18240146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18240146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3501656                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3501656                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8277                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8277                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     21741802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       21741802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     21741802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      21741802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       194070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          360                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          360                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       194430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       194430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       194430                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       194430                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22237415785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22237415785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     36378188                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36378188                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22273793973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22273793973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22273793973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22273793973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     18434216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18434216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3502016                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3502016                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8277                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8277                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     21936232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21936232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     21936232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21936232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 114584.509636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114584.509636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101050.522222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101050.522222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 114559.450563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114559.450563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 114559.450563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114559.450563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6468                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            6468                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       138433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       138719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       138719                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138719                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        55637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        55711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        55711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5875182504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5875182504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5708051                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5708051                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5880890555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5880890555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5880890555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5880890555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105598.477704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105598.477704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 77135.824324                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77135.824324                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105560.671232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105560.671232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105560.671232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105560.671232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              528.004119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1012370318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1913743.512287                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    38.004119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.060904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12362269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12362269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12362269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12362269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12362269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12362269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7865277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7865277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7865277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7865277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7865277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7865277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12362318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12362318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12362318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12362318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12362318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12362318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160515.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160515.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160515.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160515.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160515.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160515.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6505354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6505354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6505354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6505354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6505354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6505354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166803.948718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166803.948718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166803.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166803.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166803.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166803.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                72833                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              180686074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                73089                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2472.137723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.202208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.797792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.914852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.085148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8572388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8572388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7099738                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7099738                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        19881                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19881                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15672126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15672126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15672126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15672126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       185025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          828                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          828                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       185853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       185853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       185853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       185853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22741494516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22741494516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     72058302                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72058302                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22813552818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22813552818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22813552818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22813552818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8757413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8757413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7100566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7100566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        19881                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19881                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15857979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15857979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15857979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15857979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122910.387872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122910.387872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 87026.934783                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87026.934783                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122750.522284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122750.522284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122750.522284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122750.522284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       112329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       113020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       113020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       113020                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       113020                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        72696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        72833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        72833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8088430510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8088430510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9264343                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9264343                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8097694853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8097694853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8097694853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8097694853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111263.762931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111263.762931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 67622.941606                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67622.941606                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111181.673870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111181.673870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111181.673870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111181.673870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              559.202137                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              926216779                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1648072.560498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    34.066312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.135825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.054593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12398232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12398232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12398232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12398232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12398232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12398232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7355174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7355174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7355174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7355174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7355174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7355174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12398276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12398276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12398276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12398276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12398276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12398276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167163.045455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167163.045455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167163.045455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167163.045455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167163.045455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167163.045455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6071582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6071582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6071582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6071582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6071582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6071582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173473.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173473.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173473.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173473.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173473.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173473.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                55697                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              223856336                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                55953                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4000.792379                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   201.891087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    54.108913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.788637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.211363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     18236380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18236380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3501072                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3501072                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8281                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8281                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     21737452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       21737452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     21737452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      21737452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       194272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       194631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       194631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       194631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       194631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22313280754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22313280754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     33635792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33635792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22346916546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22346916546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22346916546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22346916546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     18430652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18430652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3501431                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3501431                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8281                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8281                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     21932083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21932083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     21932083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21932083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 114855.876060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114855.876060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93693.013928                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93693.013928                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 114816.840822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114816.840822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 114816.840822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114816.840822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            6586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       138649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       138934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       138934                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138934                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        55623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        55697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        55697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5885236591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5885236591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5561958                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5561958                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5890798549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5890798549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5890798549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5890798549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105805.810384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105805.810384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 75161.594595                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75161.594595                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105765.095948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105765.095948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105765.095948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105765.095948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
