
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001203                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1202894880                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               449097974520                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 413684                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   545550                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  38140                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67627904                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 31538.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 13047173725                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   17206074883                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        29952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        23296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        30080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        54784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        16128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        30720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        89472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        54272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        15360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        30464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        29696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        56064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        29824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        22144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        15104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        31488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               611968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           53120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       183552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            183552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          234                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          235                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          699                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          238                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          438                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4781                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1434                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1434                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2660249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     24899931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2766659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     19366613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2766659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     25006341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3192299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     45543464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2873069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13407655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2766659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     25538391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2660249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     74380564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2979479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     45117824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2873069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     12769196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2660249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     25325571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2766659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     24687111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3298709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     46607564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2660249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     24793521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2979479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     18408924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2766659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     12556376                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1489739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     26176851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               508746034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2660249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2766659                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2766659                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3192299                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2873069                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2766659                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2660249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2979479                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2873069                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2660249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2766659                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3298709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2660249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2979479                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2766659                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1489739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           44160135                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         152591887                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              152591887                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         152591887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2660249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     24899931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2766659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     19366613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2766659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     25006341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3192299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     45543464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2873069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13407655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2766659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     25538391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2660249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     74380564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2979479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     45117824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2873069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     12769196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2660249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     25325571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2766659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     24687111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      3298709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     46607564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2660249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     24793521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2979479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     18408924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2766659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     12556376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1489739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     26176851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              661337922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2884641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         221659                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196367                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19164                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141684                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137913                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13640                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          631                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2304446                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1257818                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            221659                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       151553                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              278531                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         62717                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        37152                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          140650                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18598                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2663560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532536                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.787538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2385029     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          41122      1.54%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          21637      0.81%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          40553      1.52%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13609      0.51%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          37442      1.41%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6038      0.23%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          10527      0.40%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         107603      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2663560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.076841                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.436040                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        2231947                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       110469                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          277795                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          332                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        43011                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        21927                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          421                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1413517                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1756                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        43011                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2240072                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         71917                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        15839                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          271270                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        21445                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1410611                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        19257                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1855904                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6401661                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6401661                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1478061                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         377820                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           38948                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       248562                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        42599                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          226                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         9387                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1401369                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          204                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1301982                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1289                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       268855                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       569544                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2663560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488813                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106164                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2091632     78.53%     78.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189244      7.10%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180381      6.77%     92.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110402      4.14%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58301      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15214      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17587      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          418      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          381      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2663560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2370     57.50%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          974     23.63%     81.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          778     18.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024246     78.67%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10491      0.81%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225169     17.29%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41981      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1301982                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.451350                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4122                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003166                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5272933                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1670449                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1267026                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306104                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1103                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53265                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           23                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1713                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        43011                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         36459                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2634                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1401579                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           57                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248562                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42599                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          513                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           38                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           23                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11502                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8815                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        20317                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283522                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221485                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18458                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             263445                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         194542                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            41960                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.444950                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1267561                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1267026                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          765610                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1691876                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.439232                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.452521                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000004                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129677                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       271969                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        18851                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2620549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2198180     83.88%     83.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166767      6.36%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106782      4.07%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33217      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55163      2.11%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11171      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7269      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6426      0.25%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35574      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2620549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1129677                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               236183                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              195297                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           173317                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts          988113                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        14525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        35574                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3986608                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2846343                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 51212                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                221081                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1129677                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.884629                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.884629                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.346665                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.346665                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        5955134                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1657439                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1489170                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2884641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         236590                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193687                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24915                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96680                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          90994                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23989                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1119                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2275069                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1324567                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            236590                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       114983                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              275312                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         68700                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        53283                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          140776                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24764                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2647159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.960596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2371847     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          12817      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          20062      0.76%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          26983      1.02%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          28130      1.06%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          23919      0.90%     93.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          13001      0.49%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          20134      0.76%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         130266      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2647159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082017                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.459179                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2251769                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        77060                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          274678                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          383                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        43263                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        38649                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1623708                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1253                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        43263                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2258319                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         15697                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        46937                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          268541                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        14397                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1622101                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1889                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         6345                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2265458                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7541810                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7541810                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1934365                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         331093                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          395                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           45202                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       152685                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        81433                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          946                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        27874                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1618942                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          398                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1528577                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          323                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195963                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       472991                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2647159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1993916     75.32%     75.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       274074     10.35%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137401      5.19%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98783      3.73%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77994      2.95%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32244      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20620      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10580      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1547      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2647159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           328     12.09%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          984     36.27%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1401     51.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1285975     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22682      1.48%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          190      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138669      9.07%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81061      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1528577                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.529902                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2713                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001775                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5707349                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1815321                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1503539                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1531290                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3082                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26982                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1444                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        43263                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         12365                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1441                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1619345                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           20                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       152685                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        81433                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          205                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1242                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13734                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14426                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        28160                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1505887                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130258                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22690                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             211301                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         213326                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            81043                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.522036                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1503620                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1503539                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          864284                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2327624                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.521222                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371316                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1127451                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1387321                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       232033                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          386                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        25005                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2603896                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371414                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2028753     77.91%     77.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       288014     11.06%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106167      4.08%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50298      1.93%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46642      1.79%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24822      0.95%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19244      0.74%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9711      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30245      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2603896                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1127451                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1387321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               205692                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              125703                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           200031                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1249971                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        28565                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        30245                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4192992                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3281980                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 36412                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                237482                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1127451                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1387321                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1127451                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.558551                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.558551                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.390846                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.390846                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6776279                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       2097060                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1504565                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          386                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2884641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         221906                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196532                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19229                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141648                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         138095                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13719                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          652                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2305541                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1258394                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            221906                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       151814                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              278570                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         62713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        36413                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          140822                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18657                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2663884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.787258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2385314     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          41043      1.54%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          21655      0.81%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          40664      1.53%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          13530      0.51%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          37555      1.41%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           6082      0.23%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          10532      0.40%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         107509      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2663884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.076927                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.436239                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2236842                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       105950                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          277811                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          335                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        42940                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        21929                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          420                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1413492                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1736                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        42940                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2244557                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         68723                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        15476                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          271560                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        20622                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1410442                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        18439                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1856253                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6400087                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6400087                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1479465                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         376788                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           38039                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       248449                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        42632                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          279                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         9396                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1401071                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          204                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302327                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1277                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       267472                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       566601                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2663884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2091780     78.52%     78.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189083      7.10%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180859      6.79%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110272      4.14%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58281      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15217      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17601      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          433      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          358      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2663884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2379     57.81%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          961     23.35%     81.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          775     18.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024266     78.65%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10532      0.81%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225414     17.31%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42020      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302327                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.451469                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4115                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5273930                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1668768                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1267270                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306442                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1067                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53071                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1695                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        42940                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         34998                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2495                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1401280                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           60                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248449                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42632                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          512                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           39                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11591                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8790                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        20381                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283883                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221698                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             263707                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         194562                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            42009                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.445075                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1267906                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1267270                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          765630                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1691398                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.439316                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.452661                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000796                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1130652                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       270708                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        18917                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2620944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431391                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2198110     83.87%     83.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167045      6.37%     90.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106781      4.07%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33173      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55328      2.11%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11291      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7239      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6491      0.25%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35486      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2620944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1000796                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1130652                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               236315                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              195378                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           173461                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          988986                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        14544                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        35486                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3986805                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2845699                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 51372                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                220757                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1000796                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1130652                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1000796                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.882347                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.882347                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.346940                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.346940                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5956771                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1657773                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1489861                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2884641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         224102                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       201828                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13586                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88661                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78211                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12213                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          621                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2362388                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1406387                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            224102                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        90424                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              277213                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         43159                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        58244                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          137320                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13444                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2727094                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2449881     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1           9541      0.35%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          20128      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3           8289      0.30%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          45492      1.67%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          40879      1.50%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           7818      0.29%     94.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          16663      0.61%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         128403      4.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2727094                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077688                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.487543                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2348258                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        72843                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          276041                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          920                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        29023                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        19794                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          226                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1648358                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1364                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        29023                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2351390                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         49570                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        14889                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          273970                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         8243                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1646236                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         3112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         3201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           51                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1938583                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7748446                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7748446                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1681705                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         256867                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          215                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          122                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           22835                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       386469                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       194155                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1831                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         9344                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1640873                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          218                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1566507                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1135                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       148364                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       360424                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           28                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2727094                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.372005                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2170487     79.59%     79.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166812      6.12%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136825      5.02%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        58865      2.16%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75015      2.75%     95.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        72439      2.66%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        41365      1.52%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3283      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2003      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2727094                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3913     11.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30754     86.46%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          904      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       984822     62.87%     62.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13586      0.87%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       374656     23.92%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       193351     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1566507                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.543051                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35571                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022707                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5896814                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1789517                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1550918                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1602078                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2795                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18942                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2026                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          138                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        29023                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         45249                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2058                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1641095                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           71                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       386469                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       194155                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          123                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1403                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7167                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8449                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        15616                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1554020                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       373107                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12487                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             566412                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         203447                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           193305                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.538722                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1551052                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1550918                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          838221                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1653609                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.537647                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.506904                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1249723                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1468488                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       172776                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        13641                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2698071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366462                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2165014     80.24%     80.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194710      7.22%     87.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91402      3.39%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        90229      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24231      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       104982      3.89%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7946      0.29%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5679      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13878      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2698071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1249723                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1468488                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               559648                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              367524                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           193946                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1305732                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        13878                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4325444                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3311571                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 53429                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                157547                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1249723                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1468488                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1249723                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.308224                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.308224                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.433233                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.433233                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        7676971                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1804437                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1955719                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2884641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         260554                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       217027                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25386                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       102537                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93113                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27733                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1196                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2262780                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1431362                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            260554                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       120846                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              297372                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         71579                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        74289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          142037                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24130                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2680398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.657079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2383026     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          17943      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          22593      0.84%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          36335      1.36%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          14932      0.56%     92.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          19684      0.73%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          22747      0.85%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          10636      0.40%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         152502      5.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2680398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090325                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.496201                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2249355                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        89319                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          295802                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          174                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        45742                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        39389                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          216                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1749009                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        45742                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2252216                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles          7388                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        75166                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          293068                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         6813                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1736985                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents          939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4661                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2426655                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      8074889                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      8074889                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1996990                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         429665                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          415                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           24987                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       164521                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        84056                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          989                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        19014                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1693469                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1612959                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1985                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       226475                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       478987                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2680398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601761                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1998003     74.54%     74.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       310405     11.58%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127114      4.74%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        72132      2.69%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        96185      3.59%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30317      1.13%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        29332      1.09%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        15667      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1243      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2680398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11213     78.74%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1579     11.09%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1448     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1359057     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21786      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          198      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       148312      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83606      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1612959                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.559154                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14240                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008828                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5922541                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1920381                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1569184                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1627199                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1283                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34798                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1682                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        45742                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles          5553                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          723                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1693887                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1424                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       164521                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84056                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          217                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          634                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14347                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14634                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        28981                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1583871                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       145497                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        29088                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             229071                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         223333                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            83574                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.549070                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1569223                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1569184                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          940604                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2528906                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.543979                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371941                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1161531                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1431058                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       262850                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        25393                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2634656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2028460     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       307579     11.67%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111500      4.23%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55317      2.10%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50819      1.93%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21383      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21213      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10021      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28364      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2634656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1161531                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1431058                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               212097                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              129723                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           207390                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1288415                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        29520                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        28364                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4300187                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3433564                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 36293                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                204243                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1161531                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1431058                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1161531                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.483482                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.483482                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.402661                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.402661                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        7124299                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       2195078                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1615410                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2884641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         221304                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196176                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19133                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141279                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137635                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13599                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          630                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2305301                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1256803                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            221304                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       151234                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              278150                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         62545                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        37961                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          140583                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18560                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2664702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.786622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2386552     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          41048      1.54%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          21620      0.81%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          40384      1.52%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          13555      0.51%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          37430      1.40%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           6125      0.23%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          10399      0.39%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         107589      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2664702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.076718                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.435688                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2234661                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       109431                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          277412                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          323                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        42869                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        21742                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          422                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1412056                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1758                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        42869                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2242558                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         71321                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        15893                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          271058                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        20997                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1409241                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1093                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        18885                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1854347                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6395912                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6395912                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1478756                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         375585                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          200                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          106                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           38401                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       248270                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        42519                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          235                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         9338                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1400155                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          203                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1301306                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1168                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       267069                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       566059                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2664702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.105469                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2092837     78.54%     78.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189344      7.11%     85.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180429      6.77%     92.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110294      4.14%     96.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58320      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15093      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17588      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          427      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          370      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2664702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2352     57.70%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          945     23.18%     80.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          779     19.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1023792     78.67%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10505      0.81%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       224992     17.29%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41922      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1301306                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.451115                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4076                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003132                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5272558                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1667447                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1266590                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1305382                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1067                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        52930                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1606                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        42869                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         36775                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2583                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1400364                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           86                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248270                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42519                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          105                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          522                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           45                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11429                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8880                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        20309                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283016                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221475                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18290                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             263374                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         194297                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            41899                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.444775                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1267160                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1266590                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          765668                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1691735                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.439081                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.452593                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000398                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1130159                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       270285                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        18818                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2621833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2199175     83.88%     83.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166845      6.36%     90.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106763      4.07%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33346      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55241      2.11%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11312      0.43%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7256      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6470      0.25%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35425      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2621833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1000398                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1130159                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               236249                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              195336                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           173382                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          988551                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        14536                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        35425                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3986839                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2843793                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 51154                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                219939                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1000398                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1130159                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1000398                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.883493                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.883493                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.346802                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.346802                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5953819                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1657037                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1488142                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2884641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         223426                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182120                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23445                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91662                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85629                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22199                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1005                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2170412                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1321866                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            223426                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       107828                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              271347                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         73491                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        74505                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          135322                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23533                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2565442                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.626033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.991207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2294095     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          14437      0.56%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          22839      0.89%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          33928      1.32%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          14456      0.56%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          17143      0.67%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          17710      0.69%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          12319      0.48%     94.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         138515      5.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2565442                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077454                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.458243                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2142326                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       103375                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          269342                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1604                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        48792                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        36293                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          387                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1601542                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1346                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        48792                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2147860                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         49810                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        36478                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          265578                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        16921                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1598220                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          944                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         3169                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         8580                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1298                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2185624                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7451007                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7451007                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1803822                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         381802                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          352                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          187                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           48858                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       161560                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        89337                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4656                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        18740                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1592859                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          353                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1486619                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2123                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       244451                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       564098                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2565442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579479                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263083                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1931190     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       257590     10.04%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       142481      5.55%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93098      3.63%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85224      3.32%     97.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26303      1.03%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18734      0.73%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6618      0.26%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4204      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2565442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           393     10.45%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1635     43.50%     53.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1731     46.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1224302     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27304      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       147070      9.89%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        87778      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1486619                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.515357                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3759                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002529                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5544562                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1837733                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1459644                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1490378                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7031                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        33563                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5585                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1165                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        48792                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         35946                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2101                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1593218                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          638                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       161560                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89337                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          187                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1206                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           40                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12713                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14379                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        27092                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1465182                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       139417                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21437                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             227046                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         198960                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            87629                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.507925                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1459782                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1459644                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          863026                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2190895                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.506005                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.393915                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1081451                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1318723                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       275660                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          333                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        23873                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2516650                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1982055     78.76%     78.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254632     10.12%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105762      4.20%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54202      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40303      1.60%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22981      0.91%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14103      0.56%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11670      0.46%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30942      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2516650                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1081451                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1318723                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               211749                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              127997                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           183434                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1191923                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        25712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        30942                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            4080078                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3237571                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 38938                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                319199                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1081451                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1318723                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1081451                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.667380                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.667380                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.374900                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.374900                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6650218                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1993339                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1518409                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          332                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2884641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         223760                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       201503                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13780                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       103182                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78257                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12173                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          633                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2361260                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1403723                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            223760                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        90430                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              276953                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         43489                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        57781                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          137451                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13659                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2725377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2448424     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1           9727      0.36%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          20155      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3           8401      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          45378      1.67%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          40756      1.50%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           7873      0.29%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          16576      0.61%     95.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         128087      4.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2725377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077569                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.486620                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2347402                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        72087                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          275766                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          957                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        29156                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        19774                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          229                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1645127                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1367                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        29156                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2350418                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         50124                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        13828                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          273850                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         7992                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1643087                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         3060                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         3102                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          140                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1936244                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7732610                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7732610                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1678695                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         257537                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          198                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          105                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           22039                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       385005                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       193471                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1813                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         9543                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1637543                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          200                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1563631                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1043                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       148103                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       357295                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2725377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2168661     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167470      6.14%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137058      5.03%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        59005      2.17%     92.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74610      2.74%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        72213      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        40995      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3365      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2000      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2725377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3920     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30596     86.37%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          909      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       984134     62.94%     62.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13529      0.87%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       373185     23.87%     87.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       192691     12.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1563631                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.542054                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35425                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5889107                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1785906                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1547972                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1599056                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2808                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18782                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1998                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          138                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        29156                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         45738                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2083                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1637748                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           45                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       385005                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       193471                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1406                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7351                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8435                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        15786                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1551111                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       371746                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12520                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             564383                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         203067                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           192637                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.537714                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1548097                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1547972                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          837088                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1651695                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.536626                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506805                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1246845                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1465217                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       172658                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          189                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        13836                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2696221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2163920     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194769      7.22%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91321      3.39%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        90018      3.34%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24160      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       104551      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7932      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5635      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13915      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2696221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1246845                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1465217                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               557689                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              366216                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           193552                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1302855                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        13915                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4320168                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3304931                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 53506                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                159264                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1246845                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1465217                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1246845                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.313552                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.313552                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.432236                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.432236                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        7660724                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1801841                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1950977                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          188                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2884641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         260473                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       217016                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25476                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       102966                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93320                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27635                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1174                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2263710                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1430478                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            260473                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       120955                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              297246                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         71670                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        73518                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          142172                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24256                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2680432                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.034677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2383186     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          17892      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          22879      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          36364      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          14878      0.56%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          19486      0.73%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          22793      0.85%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          10658      0.40%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         152296      5.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2680432                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090297                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.495895                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2250311                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        88492                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          295705                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        45743                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        39318                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          216                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1747428                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        45743                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2253121                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles          7531                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        74238                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          293029                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         6765                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1735679                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          925                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4636                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2425310                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      8068512                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      8068512                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1995448                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         429860                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          415                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           24734                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       164014                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        84024                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          960                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        19002                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1692259                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1611850                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1975                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       226207                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       477766                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2680432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601340                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1998216     74.55%     74.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       310569     11.59%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127009      4.74%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        72134      2.69%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        95951      3.58%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30327      1.13%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        29408      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        15570      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1248      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2680432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11231     78.89%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1556     10.93%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1450     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1358148     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21813      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          198      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       148132      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83559      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1611850                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.558770                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14237                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008833                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5920343                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1918903                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1568028                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1626087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1270                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34375                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1699                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        45743                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles          5715                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          700                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1692677                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1339                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       164014                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84024                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          217                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          604                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14604                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14534                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        29138                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1582637                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       145320                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        29212                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             228850                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         223178                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            83530                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.548643                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1568065                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1568028                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          939636                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2526853                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.543578                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371860                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1160647                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1429981                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       262710                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        25483                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2634689                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542751                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2028834     77.00%     77.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       307393     11.67%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111600      4.24%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55253      2.10%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50709      1.92%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21353      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21166      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10016      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28365      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2634689                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1160647                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1429981                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               211960                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              129639                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           207232                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1287453                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        29500                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        28365                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4299002                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3431137                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 36349                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                204209                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1160647                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1429981                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1160647                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.485373                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.485373                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.402354                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.402354                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        7118793                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       2193544                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1614410                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2884641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         221760                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196428                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19185                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141811                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137850                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13709                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          652                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2305902                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1258059                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            221760                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       151559                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              278639                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         62590                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        37191                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          140736                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18621                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2665014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.787433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2386375     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          41347      1.55%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          21588      0.81%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          40452      1.52%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          13511      0.51%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          37449      1.41%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           6095      0.23%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          10561      0.40%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         107636      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2665014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.076876                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.436123                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2237329                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       106582                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          277909                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          327                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        42861                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        21952                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          422                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1413844                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1750                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        42861                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2244999                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         69465                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        15470                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          271670                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        20543                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1411101                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        18312                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1857040                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6403783                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6403783                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1481367                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         375643                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          108                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           37595                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       248409                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        42713                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          238                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         9422                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402012                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          205                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1303811                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1253                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       267197                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       563774                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2665014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.489232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2092522     78.52%     78.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       188930      7.09%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       181051      6.79%     92.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110527      4.15%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58308      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15290      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17573      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          426      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          387      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2665014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2353     57.28%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          978     23.81%     81.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          777     18.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1025740     78.67%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10540      0.81%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225290     17.28%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42146      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1303811                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.451984                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4108                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003151                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5277995                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1669435                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1268837                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1307919                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1165                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        52906                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1690                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        42861                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         35977                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2489                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1402223                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           77                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248409                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42713                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          107                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          508                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           38                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11450                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8845                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        20295                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1285331                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221608                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18478                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             263735                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         194780                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            42127                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.445577                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1269403                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1268837                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          766774                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1694319                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.439860                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.452556                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1001889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1132018                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       270270                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        18872                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2622153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2198975     83.86%     83.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167102      6.37%     90.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106956      4.08%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33278      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55174      2.10%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11279      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7271      0.28%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6491      0.25%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35627      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2622153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1001889                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1132018                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               236526                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              195503                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           173659                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          990212                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        14573                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        35627                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3988801                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2847486                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 51223                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                219627                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1001889                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1132018                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1001889                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.879202                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.879202                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.347318                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.347318                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5963227                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1660268                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1489663                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2884641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         221707                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196333                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19239                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141621                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137932                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13681                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          646                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2305544                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1257558                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            221707                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       151613                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              278389                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         62655                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        37864                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          140790                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18707                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2665090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.786441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2386701     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          41269      1.55%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          21670      0.81%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          40498      1.52%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          13427      0.50%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          37384      1.40%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           6036      0.23%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          10599      0.40%     95.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         107506      4.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2665090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.076858                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.435950                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2236775                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       107448                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          277673                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          316                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        42872                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        21970                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          421                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1412340                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1753                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        42872                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2244434                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         69886                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        15854                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          271448                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        20590                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1409554                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        18410                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1855121                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6396155                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6396155                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1478812                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         376309                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           37569                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       248378                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        42508                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          284                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         9368                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1400425                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          205                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302039                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1209                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       267308                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       564635                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2665090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2093384     78.55%     78.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       188879      7.09%     85.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180723      6.78%     92.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       109964      4.13%     96.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58459      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15270      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17608      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          436      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          367      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2665090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2363     57.56%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          967     23.56%     81.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          775     18.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024292     78.67%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10521      0.81%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225178     17.29%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41953      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302039                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.451370                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4105                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003153                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5274482                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1667958                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1266827                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306144                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1087                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53034                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1591                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        42872                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         36194                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2522                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1400634                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           83                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248378                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42508                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          528                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11504                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8850                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        20354                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283413                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221578                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18626                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             263513                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         194488                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            41935                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.444913                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1267418                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1266827                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          765576                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1690591                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.439163                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.452845                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000426                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1130201                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       270517                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        18925                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2622218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298338                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2199570     83.88%     83.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166898      6.36%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106715      4.07%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33312      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55222      2.11%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11358      0.43%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7201      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6483      0.25%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35459      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2622218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1000426                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1130201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               236261                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              195344                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           173388                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          988590                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        14537                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        35459                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3987464                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2844339                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 51263                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                219551                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1000426                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1130201                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1000426                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.883413                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.883413                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.346811                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.346811                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5954664                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1657190                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1488884                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2884641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         223354                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       201083                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13784                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       104041                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78030                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12327                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          632                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2359219                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1402444                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            223354                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        90357                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              276688                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         43489                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        55861                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          137382                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13658                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2721144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2444456     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           9610      0.35%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          20176      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           8468      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          45334      1.67%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          40766      1.50%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           7722      0.28%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          16576      0.61%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         128036      4.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2721144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077429                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.486176                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2344883                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        70648                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          275519                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          935                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        29150                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        19773                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          226                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1643822                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1367                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        29150                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2347922                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         48277                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        14207                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          273566                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         8013                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1641785                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         3120                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         3064                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           63                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1935524                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7727332                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7727332                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1677317                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         258201                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          217                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          124                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           22236                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       384485                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       193202                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1723                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         9524                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1636310                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          220                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1562466                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1064                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       148432                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       357317                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           30                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2721144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2165151     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167083      6.14%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136678      5.02%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        59019      2.17%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74765      2.75%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        72089      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        41040      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3327      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1992      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2721144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3923     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30548     86.33%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          913      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       983668     62.96%     62.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13607      0.87%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       372701     23.85%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       192398     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1562466                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.541650                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35384                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022646                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5882524                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1785023                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1546785                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1597850                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2840                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18868                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2028                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          141                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        29150                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         43731                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2067                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1636535                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           45                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       384485                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       193202                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1403                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7289                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8475                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        15764                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1549848                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       371255                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12618                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             563597                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         202934                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           192342                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.537276                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1546927                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1546785                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          836773                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1652109                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.536214                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506488                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1245521                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1463713                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       172958                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        13844                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2691994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2160272     80.25%     80.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194687      7.23%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91057      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        89879      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24181      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       104426      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7913      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5689      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13890      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2691994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1245521                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1463713                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               556783                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              365614                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           193373                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1301530                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        13890                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4314762                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3302513                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 53430                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                163497                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1245521                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1463713                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1245521                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.316012                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.316012                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.431777                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.431777                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        7654330                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1800878                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1949010                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2884641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         222265                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196752                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19210                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141893                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         138098                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13668                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          635                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2305993                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1259658                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            222265                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       151766                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              278973                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         62775                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        37388                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          140808                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18661                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2665795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532616                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.787774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2386822     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          41394      1.55%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          21768      0.82%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          40622      1.52%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          13339      0.50%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          37531      1.41%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           5995      0.22%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          10523      0.39%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         107801      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2665795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077051                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.436678                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2233766                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       110436                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          278266                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          299                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        43022                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        22097                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          420                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1414893                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1725                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        43022                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2241843                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         72096                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        15621                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          271720                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        21487                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1411999                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        19310                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1858809                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6406765                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6406765                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1480361                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         378434                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          200                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          106                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           39137                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       248274                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        42721                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          270                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         9429                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402649                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          203                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1303444                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1302                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       268582                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       567632                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2665795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2093286     78.52%     78.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189496      7.11%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180481      6.77%     92.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110395      4.14%     96.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58436      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15306      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17609      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          415      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          371      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2665795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2406     58.10%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          960     23.18%     81.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          775     18.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1025571     78.68%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10529      0.81%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225166     17.27%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42083      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1303444                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.451857                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4141                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003177                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5278126                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1671455                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1268261                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1307585                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1112                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        52848                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1757                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        43022                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         36651                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2604                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1402856                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           75                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248274                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42721                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          105                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          492                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           42                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11501                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8812                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        20313                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1284664                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221457                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18780                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             263520                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         194779                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            42063                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.445346                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1268894                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1268261                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          766331                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1692661                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.439660                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.452737                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1001304                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1131267                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       271652                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        18899                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2622773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2199735     83.87%     83.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167155      6.37%     90.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106813      4.07%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33205      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55316      2.11%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11298      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7199      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6493      0.25%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35559      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2622773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1001304                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1131267                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               236390                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              195426                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           173555                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          989531                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        14555                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        35559                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3990120                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2848897                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 51244                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                218846                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1001304                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1131267                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1001304                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.880884                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.880884                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.347116                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.347116                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5959795                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1659331                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1491145                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2884641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         237373                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       194176                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24849                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96658                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          91083                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24093                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1140                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2277760                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1329361                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            237373                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       115176                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              276096                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         68999                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        51994                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          140911                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24712                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2649712                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616357                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2373616     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          12766      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          20036      0.76%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          26968      1.02%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          28280      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          24028      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          12825      0.48%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          20327      0.77%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         130866      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2649712                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082289                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460841                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2254525                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        75739                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          275428                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          387                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        43627                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        38928                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1629583                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        43627                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2261100                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         15640                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        45659                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          269258                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        14423                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1627967                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1826                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         6385                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2272723                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7569526                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7569526                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1936927                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         335747                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          393                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           45272                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       153251                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        81698                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          902                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        28029                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1624591                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          394                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1531990                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          323                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199379                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       483553                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2649712                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1995354     75.30%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       274482     10.36%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137219      5.18%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        99214      3.74%     94.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78200      2.95%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32464      1.23%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20626      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10672      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1481      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2649712                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           327     12.02%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          984     36.18%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1409     51.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1288759     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22812      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          190      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138937      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81292      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1531990                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.531085                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2720                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001775                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5716732                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1824380                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1506970                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1534710                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3061                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27382                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1607                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        43627                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         12372                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1459                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1624992                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153251                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        81698                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          202                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1256                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13598                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14444                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        28042                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1509264                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130513                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22723                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             211783                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         213825                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            81270                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.523207                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1507053                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1506970                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          865996                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2333129                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.522412                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371174                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1128930                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1389153                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235822                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          385                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        24936                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2606085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2030158     77.90%     77.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       288469     11.07%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105997      4.07%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50609      1.94%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46724      1.79%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24898      0.96%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19289      0.74%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9785      0.38%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30156      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2606085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1128930                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1389153                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               205957                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              125866                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           200291                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1251618                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        28601                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        30156                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4200891                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3293615                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 36343                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                234929                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1128930                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1389153                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1128930                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.555199                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.555199                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.391359                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.391359                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6791644                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       2101152                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1509859                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          384                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2884641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         260745                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       217196                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25406                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       102600                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93175                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27755                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1197                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2264390                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1432357                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            260745                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       120930                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              297588                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         71630                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        73709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          142146                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24160                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2681675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.657228                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.036030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2384087     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          17958      0.67%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          22607      0.84%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          36361      1.36%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          14961      0.56%     92.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          19690      0.73%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          22763      0.85%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          10640      0.40%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         152608      5.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2681675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.090391                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.496546                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2250931                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        88771                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          296020                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          173                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        45774                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        39414                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1750309                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        45774                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2253788                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles          7493                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        74522                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          293291                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         6802                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1738312                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents          939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2428508                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      8081067                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      8081067                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1998544                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         429950                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          415                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           25005                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       164660                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        84126                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          988                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        19029                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1694797                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1614202                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2005                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       226626                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       479519                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2681675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1998773     74.53%     74.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       310622     11.58%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127209      4.74%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        72181      2.69%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        96276      3.59%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30339      1.13%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        29350      1.09%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        15680      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1245      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2681675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11222     78.73%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1582     11.10%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1450     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1360097     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21806      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          198      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       148432      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83669      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1614202                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.559585                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14254                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008830                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5926336                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1921860                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1570377                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1628456                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1283                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34834                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1687                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        45774                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles          5665                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          723                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1695215                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1425                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       164660                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84126                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          217                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          634                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14358                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14646                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        29004                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1585090                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       145613                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        29110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             229247                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         223501                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            83634                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.549493                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1570417                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1570377                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          941329                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2530904                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.544393                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371934                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1162435                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1432172                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       263050                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        25414                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2635901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543333                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2029253     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       307796     11.68%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111594      4.23%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55355      2.10%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50851      1.93%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21402      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21232      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10027      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28391      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2635901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1162435                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1432172                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               212260                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              129821                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           207550                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1289412                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        29540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        28391                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            4302719                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3436239                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 36310                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                202966                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1162435                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1432172                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1162435                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.481550                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.481550                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.402974                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.402974                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        7129733                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       2196766                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1616529                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2884641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         232650                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       191023                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24801                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96100                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          89617                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23313                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1085                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2232733                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1328175                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            232650                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       112930                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              291058                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         70633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        72243                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          139217                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24506                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2641482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2350424     88.98%     88.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          30787      1.17%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          37030      1.40%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          19719      0.75%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          22285      0.84%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          12944      0.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           8849      0.34%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          22568      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         136876      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2641482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.080651                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.460430                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2214206                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        91404                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          288424                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2372                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        45067                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        37353                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1618946                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2134                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        45067                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2218186                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         21691                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        59404                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          286895                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        10231                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1616724                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2292                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4904                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents           28                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2250713                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7525185                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7525185                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1892501                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         358204                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          418                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           29416                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       153836                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        83149                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1890                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        17087                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1612761                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          419                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1514792                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1687                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       217753                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       507193                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2641482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573463                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2002882     75.82%     75.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       257603      9.75%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137722      5.21%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95487      3.61%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        83057      3.14%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42253      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10642      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6749      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5087      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2641482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           408     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1440     42.87%     55.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1511     44.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1269660     83.82%     83.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23668      1.56%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          185      0.01%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138830      9.16%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82449      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1514792                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.525123                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3359                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002217                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5676112                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1830966                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1488514                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1518151                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3612                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28516                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1921                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           93                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        45067                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         16624                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1431                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1613181                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153836                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83149                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          233                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1029                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13817                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14235                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        28052                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1491134                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130528                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23658                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             212940                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         207928                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            82412                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.516922                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1488602                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1488514                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          886883                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2321023                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.516014                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382109                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1111393                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1363240                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249983                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        24781                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2596415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342781                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2039056     78.53%     78.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       258682      9.96%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108580      4.18%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64764      2.49%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44850      1.73%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29051      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15467      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12071      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23894      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2596415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1111393                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1363240                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               206548                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              125320                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               186                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           194921                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1229147                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        27714                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        23894                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            4185744                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3271521                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 36339                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                243159                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1111393                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1363240                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1111393                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.595518                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.595518                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.385279                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.385279                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6726155                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       2069681                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1510503                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4773                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32752.157679                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           960845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          25.603416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           851.134192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.238419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   121.720516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    15.807089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    94.560292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    15.773378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   120.595103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    26.815499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   214.198373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    18.670465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    65.531416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    15.505557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   125.272682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.015726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   308.105458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    26.863441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   211.420624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    18.668375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    63.027122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    15.285297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   124.535917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    15.816820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   122.895555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    28.476451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   221.221691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    15.539042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   121.230539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    16.168889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    90.431032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    18.177201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    61.727057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.818097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   133.052712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1936.824490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1385.067820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1934.758386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          2156.298036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1141.171911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1928.860806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          3331.256404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          2150.697962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1155.426624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1968.307691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1941.733202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          2122.387446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          2020.414830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1381.583750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1132.799476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1713.268820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.025975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.003715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.002886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.003680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.006537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.003823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.009403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.006452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.001923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.003801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.003750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.006751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.003700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.001884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.004060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.059107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.042269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.059044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.065805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.034826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.058864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.101662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.065634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.035261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.060068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.059257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.064770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.061658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.042163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.034570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.052285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    6555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2270                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2270                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    43                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     6598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          404                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          406                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          520                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          322                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          402                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          598                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          404                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          413                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          515                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          409                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          321                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          329                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          368                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    6598                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          234                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          182                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          235                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          428                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          240                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          699                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          424                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          120                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          238                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          232                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          438                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          233                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          173                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          118                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          246                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4781                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3716943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     35561630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4018220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     27916129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3981132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     35596199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4649709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     65152599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4206646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     19118483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4002504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     36319553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3703673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     92162544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4327345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     64846008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4234509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     18016946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3858688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     35950583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4026796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     35479123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4642427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     66425160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3752450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     35748899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4370787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     26268294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4053285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     17718037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2086742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     36925898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       712837941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     12636825                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       274091                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       130788                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      13041704                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3716943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     35561630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4018220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     27916129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3981132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     35596199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4649709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     65152599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4206646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     19118483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4002504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     36319553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3703673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    104799369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4327345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     65120099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4234509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     18016946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3858688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     35950583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4026796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     35479123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4642427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     66425160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3752450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     35748899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4370787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     26268294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4053285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     17718037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2086742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     37056686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        725879645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3716943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     35561630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4018220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     27916129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3981132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     35596199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4649709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     65152599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4206646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     19118483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4002504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     36319553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3703673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    104799369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4327345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     65120099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4234509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     18016946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3858688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     35950583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4026796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     35479123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4642427                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     66425160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3752450                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     35748899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4370787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     26268294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4053285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     17718037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2086742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     37056686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       725879645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               11248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2270                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2270                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                11379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               11379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.368504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.368339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.452910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.283146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.507858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.443743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.269663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.372457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.461053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.364632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.352342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.265766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.399674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.417230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.965909                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.671756                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.366771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.369168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.366615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.451477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.281250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.538936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.444444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.267857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.370717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.359690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.362928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.263982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.400651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.420160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.366771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.369168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.366615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.451477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.281250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.538936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.444444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.267857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.370717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.359690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.362928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.263982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.400651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.420160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148677.720000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151972.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154546.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 153385.324176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153120.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151473.187234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154990.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152225.698598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155801.703704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151733.992063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153942.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151331.470833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 148146.920000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150101.863192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154548.035714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153663.526066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156833.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150141.216667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154347.520000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151052.869748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154876.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152927.254310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149755.709677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151655.616438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       150098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 153428.751073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156099.535714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151839.849711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155895.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150152.855932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       149053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150717.951020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151893.871937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 148668.529412                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 137045.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       130788                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148201.181818                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148677.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151972.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154546.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 153385.324176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153120.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151473.187234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154990.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152225.698598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155801.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151733.992063                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153942.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151331.470833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 148146.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149927.566524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154548.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153585.139151                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156833.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150141.216667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154347.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151052.869748                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154876.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152927.254310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149755.709677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151655.616438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       150098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 153428.751073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156099.535714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151839.849711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155895.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150152.855932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       149053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150636.934959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151825.903577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148677.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151972.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154546.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 153385.324176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153120.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151473.187234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154990.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152225.698598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155801.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151733.992063                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153942.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151331.470833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 148146.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149927.566524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154548.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153585.139151                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156833.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150141.216667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154347.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151052.869748                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154876.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152927.254310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149755.709677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151655.616438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       150098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 153428.751073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156099.535714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151839.849711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155895.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150152.855932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       149053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150636.934959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151825.903577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1434                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1434                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             88                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          438                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2262190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     21941634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2507527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     17317114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2469109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     21919114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2904364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     40247634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2638171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11787701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2494520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     22344616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2246929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     56417311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2697991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     40292487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2665304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11032797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2407327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     22098613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2516046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     21970818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2839541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     40941747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2299087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22188206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2744289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     16193136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2543576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10856769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1272702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     22657893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    439716263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7685371                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       157889                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        72863                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7916123                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2262190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     21941634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2507527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     17317114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2469109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     21919114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2904364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     40247634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2638171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11787701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2494520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     22344616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2246929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     64102682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2697991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     40450376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2665304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11032797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2407327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     22098613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2516046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     21970818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2839541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     40941747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2299087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22188206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2744289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     16193136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2543576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10856769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1272702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     22730756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    447632386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2262190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     21941634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2507527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     17317114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2469109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     21919114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2904364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     40247634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2638171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11787701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2494520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     22344616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2246929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     64102682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2697991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     40450376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2665304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11032797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2407327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     22098613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2516046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     21970818                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2839541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     40941747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2299087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22188206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2744289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     16193136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2543576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10856769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1272702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     22730756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    447632386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.368504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.368339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.452910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.283146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.507858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.443743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.269663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.372457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.461053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.364632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.352342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.265766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.399674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.417230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.965909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.671756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.366771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.369168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.366615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.451477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.281250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.538936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.267857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.370717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.359690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.362928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.263982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.400651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.420160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.366771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.369168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.366615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.451477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.281250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.538936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.267857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.370717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.359690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.362928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.263982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.400651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.420160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90487.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93767.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96443.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95148.978022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94965.730769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93272.825532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96812.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94036.528037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97710.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93553.182540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95943.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93102.566667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 89877.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91884.871336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96356.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95479.827014                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98714.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91939.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96293.080000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92851.315126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst        96771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94701.801724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91598.096774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93474.308219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91963.480000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 95228.351931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98010.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93601.942197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 97829.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92006.516949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90907.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92481.195918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93696.199233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 90416.129412                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 78944.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        72863                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89955.943182                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90487.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93767.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96443.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95148.978022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94965.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93272.825532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96812.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94036.528037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97710.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93553.182540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95943.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93102.566667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 89877.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91706.268956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96356.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95401.830189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98714.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91939.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96293.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92851.315126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst        96771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94701.801724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91598.096774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93474.308219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91963.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 95228.351931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98010.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93601.942197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 97829.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92006.516949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90907.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92401.447154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93627.355365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90487.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93767.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96443.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95148.978022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94965.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93272.825532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96812.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94036.528037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97710.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93553.182540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95943.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93102.566667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 89877.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91706.268956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96356.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95401.830189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98714.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91939.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96293.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92851.315126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst        96771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94701.801724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91598.096774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93474.308219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91963.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 95228.351931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98010.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93601.942197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 97829.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92006.516949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90907.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92401.447154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93627.355365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              542.237349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750172814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1356551.200723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.500508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.736841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.024841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.844130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.868970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         140617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        140617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5401198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5401198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5401198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5401198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5401198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5401198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       140650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       140650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163672.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163672.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163672.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163672.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163672.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163672.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4593680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4593680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4593680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4593680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4593680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4593680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       176680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       176680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       176680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       176680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       176680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       176680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  638                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              171131148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  894                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             191421.865772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   154.682366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   101.317634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.604228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.395772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       201477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         242146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        242146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    239698883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    239698883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1759573                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1759573                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    241458456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    241458456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    241458456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    241458456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       203654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110105.136886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110105.136886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 117304.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117304.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110154.405109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110154.405109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110154.405109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110154.405109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1554                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1554                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66690918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66690918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       323965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       323965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     67014883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67014883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     67014883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67014883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105025.067717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105025.067717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107988.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107988.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105039.001567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105039.001567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105039.001567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105039.001567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              490.979800                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              844471516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1682214.175299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    15.979800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.025609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       140744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       140744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         140744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       140744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        140744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5417196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5417196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5417196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5417196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5417196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5417196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       140776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       140776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       140776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       140776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       140776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169287.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169287.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169287.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169287.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169287.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169287.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4496203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4496203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4496203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4496203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4496203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4496203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166526.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166526.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166526.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166526.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166526.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166526.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              127661129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             170442.094793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   154.555665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   101.444335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.603733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.396267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        95430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        79594                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79594                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       175024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         175024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       175024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        175024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    192954671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    192954671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1555769                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1555769                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    194510440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    194510440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    194510440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    194510440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        96987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        79612                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79612                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          193                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       176599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       176599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.016054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 123927.213231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123927.213231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 86431.611111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86431.611111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 123498.692063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123498.692063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 123498.692063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123498.692063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1082                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1082                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     51143091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51143091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       238534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       238534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     51381625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51381625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     51381625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51381625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104373.655102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104373.655102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 79511.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79511.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104222.363083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104222.363083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104222.363083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104222.363083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              542.772286                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              750172986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1354102.862816                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    16.036967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.735318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.025700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.844127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       140789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       140789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         140789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       140789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        140789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5975709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5975709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5975709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5975709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5975709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5975709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       140822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       140822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       140822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       140822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       140822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 181082.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181082.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 181082.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181082.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 181082.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181082.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4876067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4876067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4876067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4876067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4876067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4876067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 180595.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180595.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 180595.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180595.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 180595.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180595.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  641                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              171131297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  897                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             190781.824972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   154.592088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   101.407912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.603875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.396125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       201576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       242296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         242296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       242296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        242296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2212                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2212                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    238834919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    238834919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1824777                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1824777                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    240659696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    240659696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    240659696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    240659696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       203773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        40735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       244508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       244508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108709.567137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108709.567137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 121651.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121651.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108797.330922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108797.330922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108797.330922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108797.330922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     66648540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66648540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       263590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       263590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     66912130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66912130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     66912130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66912130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104464.796238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104464.796238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 87863.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87863.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104387.098284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104387.098284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104387.098284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104387.098284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              568.854856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              868085235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1512343.614983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    27.770896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.083961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.044505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       137277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       137277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         137277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       137277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        137277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7409739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7409739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7409739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7409739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7409739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7409739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       137320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       137320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       137320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       137320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       137320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 172319.511628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172319.511628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 172319.511628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172319.511628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 172319.511628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172319.511628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5596466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5596466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5596466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5596466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5596466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5596466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 180531.161290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180531.161290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 180531.161290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180531.161290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 180531.161290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180531.161290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  948                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              332280116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 1204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             275980.162791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   106.698374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   149.301626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.416791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.583209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       352139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        352139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       191918                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       191918                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       544057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         544057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       544057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        544057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         3349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3349                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         3349                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    409266965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    409266965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       746167                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       746167                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    410013132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    410013132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    410013132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    410013132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       355479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       355479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       191927                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       191927                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       547406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       547406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       547406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       547406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000047                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122535.019461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122535.019461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 82907.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82907.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122428.525530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122428.525530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122428.525530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122428.525530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          166                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             166                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2401                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2401                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    106448054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106448054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       219877                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       219877                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    106667931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106667931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    106667931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106667931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112643.443386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112643.443386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 73292.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73292.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112518.914557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112518.914557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112518.914557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112518.914557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              474.655742                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              847782574                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1751616.888430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    19.655742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.031500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.760666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       141999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       141999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         141999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       141999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        141999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6632913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6632913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6632913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6632913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6632913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6632913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       142037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       142037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       142037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       142037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       142037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       142037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174550.342105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174550.342105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174550.342105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174550.342105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174550.342105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174550.342105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5334088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5334088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5334088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5334088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5334088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5334088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 183934.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183934.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 183934.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183934.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 183934.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183934.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              123769962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             175809.605114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   150.645767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   105.354233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.588460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.411540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       111488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        81959                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        81959                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       193447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         193447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       193447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        193447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    117279756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    117279756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1045235                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1045235                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    118324991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    118324991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    118324991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    118324991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       112620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        81967                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        81967                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       194587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       194587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       194587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       194587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103604.024735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103604.024735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 130654.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130654.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103793.851754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103793.851754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103793.851754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103793.851754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     42747356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42747356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       292851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       292851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     43040207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43040207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     43040207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43040207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 96061.474157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96061.474157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        97617                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        97617                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 96071.890625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96071.890625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 96071.890625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96071.890625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              542.504340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              750172749                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1354102.435018                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    15.768121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.736219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.025269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.844129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       140552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       140552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         140552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       140552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        140552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5592285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5592285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5592285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5592285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5592285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5592285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       140583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       140583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       140583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       140583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       140583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 180396.290323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180396.290323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 180396.290323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180396.290323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 180396.290323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180396.290323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4913038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4913038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4913038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4913038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4913038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4913038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 181964.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181964.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 181964.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181964.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 181964.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181964.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  642                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              171131147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  898                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             190569.206013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   154.953311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   101.046689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.605286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.394714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       201450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        40696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       242146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         242146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       242146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        242146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2199                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2199                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    240125656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    240125656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1727891                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1727891                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    241853547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    241853547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    241853547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    241853547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       203634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        40711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       244345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       244345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109947.644689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109947.644689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115192.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115192.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109983.422920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109983.422920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109983.422920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109983.422920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1557                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1557                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     67572286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67572286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       320813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       320813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     67893099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67893099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     67893099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67893099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105746.926448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105746.926448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106937.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106937.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105752.490654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105752.490654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105752.490654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105752.490654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              514.959726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              849095736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1645534.372093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.959726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.040000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.825256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       135288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        135288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       135288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         135288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       135288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        135288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5190672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5190672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5190672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5190672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5190672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5190672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       135322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       135322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       135322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       135322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       135322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152666.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152666.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152666.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152666.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152666.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152666.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4137538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4137538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4137538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4137538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4137538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4137538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159136.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159136.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159136.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159136.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159136.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159136.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 1297                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              141324784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             91001.148744                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   201.845674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    54.154326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.788460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.211540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       102211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        102211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        82667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       184878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         184878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       184878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        184878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          638                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          638                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         3547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         3547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    380498450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    380498450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    113104553                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    113104553                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    493603003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    493603003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    493603003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    493603003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       105120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        83305                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        83305                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       188425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       188425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       188425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       188425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.027673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.007659                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007659                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.018824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.018824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 130800.429701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130800.429701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 177279.863636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177279.863636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 139160.700028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139160.700028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 139160.700028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139160.700028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          602                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             602                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2250                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2250                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    139869850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    139869850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     13673516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13673516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    153543366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    153543366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    153543366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    153543366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001056                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001056                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 115690.529363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115690.529363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 155380.863636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155380.863636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118383.474171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118383.474171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118383.474171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118383.474171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              568.903558                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              868085367                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  572                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1517631.760490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    27.818707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.084851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.044581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.867123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       137409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       137409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         137409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       137409                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        137409                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6604009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6604009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6604009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6604009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6604009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6604009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       137451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       137451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       137451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       137451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       137451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157238.309524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157238.309524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157238.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157238.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157238.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157238.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4916752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4916752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4916752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4916752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4916752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4916752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169543.172414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169543.172414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169543.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169543.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169543.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169543.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  954                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              332278090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             274609.991736                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   106.528122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   149.471878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.416125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.583875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       350781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        350781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       191267                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       191267                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       542048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         542048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       542048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        542048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         3348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         3348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    408914030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    408914030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1249202                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1249202                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    410163232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    410163232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    410163232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    410163232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       354119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       354119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       191277                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       191277                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       545396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       545396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       545396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       545396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122502.705213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122502.705213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124920.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124920.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122509.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122509.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122509.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122509.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2394                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2394                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    107702585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107702585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       384991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    108087576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    108087576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    108087576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    108087576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 113251.929548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113251.929548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 128330.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128330.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 113299.345912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113299.345912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 113299.345912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113299.345912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              474.653434                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              847782709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1751617.167355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    19.653434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.031496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.760663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       142134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        142134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       142134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         142134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       142134                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        142134                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6689975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6689975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6689975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6689975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6689975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6689975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       142172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       142172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       142172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       142172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       142172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       142172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 176051.973684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176051.973684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 176051.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176051.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 176051.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176051.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5428700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5428700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5428700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5428700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5428700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5428700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 187196.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187196.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 187196.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187196.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 187196.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187196.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              123769775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             175809.339489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   150.624050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   105.375950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.588375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.411625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       111354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        81906                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        81906                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       193260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         193260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       193260                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        193260                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    117141223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    117141223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1163076                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1163076                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    118304299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    118304299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    118304299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    118304299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       112485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        81914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        81914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       194399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       194399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       194399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       194399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103573.141468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103573.141468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 145384.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145384.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103866.812116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103866.812116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103866.812116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103866.812116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          691                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          691                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     42310757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42310757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       326463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       326463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     42637220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42637220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     42637220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42637220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 95080.352809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95080.352809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       108821                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       108821                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 95172.366071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95172.366071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 95172.366071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95172.366071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              542.284106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750172901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1356551.358047                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    15.548067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   526.736039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.024917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.844128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       140704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       140704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         140704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       140704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        140704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5816444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5816444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5816444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5816444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5816444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5816444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       140736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       140736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       140736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       140736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       140736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 181763.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181763.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 181763.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181763.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 181763.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181763.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4844178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4844178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4844178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4844178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4844178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4844178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 186314.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186314.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 186314.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186314.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 186314.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186314.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  642                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              171131258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  898                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             190569.329621                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   155.350358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   100.649642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.606837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.393163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       201450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        40806                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40806                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       242256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         242256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       242256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        242256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2209                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2209                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    239861713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    239861713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1847246                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1847246                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    241708959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    241708959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    241708959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    241708959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       203644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        40821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       244465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       244465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000367                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000367                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109326.213765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109326.213765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123149.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123149.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109420.081032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109420.081032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109420.081032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109420.081032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     66930877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66930877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       338910                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       338910                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     67269787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67269787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     67269787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67269787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104743.156495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104743.156495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       112970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       112970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104781.599688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104781.599688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104781.599688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104781.599688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              542.815899                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              750172955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1354102.806859                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    16.078484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.737415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.025767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.844130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       140758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       140758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         140758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       140758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        140758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5252566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5252566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5252566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5252566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5252566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5252566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       140790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       140790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       140790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       140790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       140790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164142.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164142.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164142.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164142.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164142.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164142.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4517584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4517584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4517584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4517584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4517584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4517584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167317.925926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167317.925926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167317.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167317.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167317.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167317.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  645                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              171131193                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             189934.731410                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   155.371732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   100.628268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.606921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.393079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       201491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        40699                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40699                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       242190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         242190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       242190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        242190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2225                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2225                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    240903410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    240903410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1485656                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1485656                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    242389066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    242389066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    242389066                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    242389066                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       203701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        40714                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40714                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       244415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       244415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109006.067873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109006.067873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99043.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99043.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108938.906067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108938.906067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108938.906067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108938.906067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1580                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1580                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     67010661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67010661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       287649                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       287649                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     67298310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67298310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     67298310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67298310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104377.976636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104377.976636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        95883                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        95883                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104338.465116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104338.465116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104338.465116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104338.465116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              570.515605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              868085296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1509713.558261                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    29.431517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.084088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.047166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       137338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       137338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         137338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       137338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        137338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7311909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7311909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7311909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7311909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7311909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7311909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       137382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       137382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       137382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       137382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       137382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166179.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166179.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166179.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166179.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166179.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166179.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5672872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5672872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5672872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5672872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5672872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5672872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 177277.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177277.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 177277.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177277.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 177277.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177277.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  953                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              332277254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             274836.438379                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   106.639644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   149.360356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.416561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.583439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       350231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        350231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       190962                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       190962                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       541193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         541193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       541193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        541193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         3358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         3358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    408287740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    408287740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       850972                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       850972                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    409138712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    409138712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    409138712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    409138712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       353579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       353579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       190972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       190972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       544551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       544551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       544551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       544551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121949.743130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121949.743130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 85097.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85097.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121839.997618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121839.997618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121839.997618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121839.997618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2405                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2405                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    107643290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107643290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       229647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       229647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    107872937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107872937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    107872937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107872937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113308.726316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113308.726316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        76549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        76549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113193.008395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113193.008395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113193.008395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113193.008395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              542.538012                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750172970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1356551.482821                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    15.802298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.735714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.025324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.844128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         140773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        140773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5747154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5747154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5747154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5747154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5747154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5747154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       140808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       140808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164204.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164204.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164204.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164204.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164204.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164204.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4577303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4577303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4577303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4577303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4577303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4577303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 176050.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176050.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 176050.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176050.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 176050.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176050.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  642                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              171131037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  898                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             190569.083519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   154.629640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   101.370360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.604022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.395978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       201289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       242036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         242036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       242036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        242036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    239635784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    239635784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1522770                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1522770                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    241158554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    241158554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    241158554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    241158554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       203487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        40762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       244249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       244249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109024.469518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109024.469518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       101518                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       101518                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108973.589697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108973.589697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108973.589697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108973.589697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     66699096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66699096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       305597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       305597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     67004693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67004693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     67004693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67004693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104380.431925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104380.431925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101865.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101865.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104368.680685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104368.680685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104368.680685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104368.680685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              491.342348                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              844471650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1675538.988095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    16.342348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.026190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       140878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       140878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         140878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       140878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        140878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6085131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6085131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6085131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6085131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6085131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6085131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       140911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       140911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       140911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       140911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       140911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 184397.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184397.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 184397.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 184397.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 184397.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 184397.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5248963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5248963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5248963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5248963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5248963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5248963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 180998.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180998.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 180998.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180998.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 180998.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180998.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  494                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              127661478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             170215.304000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   154.559420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   101.440580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.603748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.396252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        95677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        79701                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79701                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       175378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         175378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       175378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        175378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1568                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1568                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    189215514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    189215514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1160110                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1160110                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    190375624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    190375624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    190375624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    190375624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        97231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        79715                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79715                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       176946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       176946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000176                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121760.305019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121760.305019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        82865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        82865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121413.025510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121413.025510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121413.025510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121413.025510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1074                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1074                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     49811979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49811979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     50004279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50004279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     50004279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50004279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101450.059063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101450.059063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101223.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101223.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101223.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101223.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              474.162774                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              847782681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1755243.645963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    19.162774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.030710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.759876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       142106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        142106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       142106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         142106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       142106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        142106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7022964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7022964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7022964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7022964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7022964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7022964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       142146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       142146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       142146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       142146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       142146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       142146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175574.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175574.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175574.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175574.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175574.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175574.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5093046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5093046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5093046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5093046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5093046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5093046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 181894.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181894.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 181894.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181894.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 181894.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181894.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  447                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              123770117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             176059.910384                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   150.572351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   105.427649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.588173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.411827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       111578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        82024                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82024                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       193602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         193602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       193602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        193602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    115681897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    115681897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       924884                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       924884                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    116606781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    116606781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    116606781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    116606781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       112709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        82032                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82032                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       194741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       194741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       194741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       194741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102282.844385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102282.844385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115610.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115610.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102376.453907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102376.453907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102376.453907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102376.453907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     41805399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41805399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       258405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       258405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     42063804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42063804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     42063804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42063804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94156.304054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94156.304054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        86135                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        86135                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94102.469799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94102.469799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94102.469799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94102.469799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              495.817307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              845324228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1704282.717742                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.817307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.022143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       139200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        139200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       139200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         139200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       139200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        139200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2712082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2712082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2712082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2712082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2712082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2712082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       139217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       139217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       139217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       139217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       139217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       139217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159534.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159534.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159534.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159534.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159534.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159534.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2339142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2339142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2339142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2339142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2339142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2339142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167081.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167081.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167081.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167081.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167081.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167081.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  614                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              132974932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  870                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             152844.749425                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   176.503379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    79.496621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.689466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.310534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        95568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        80744                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80744                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       176312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         176312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       176312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        176312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    261969049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    261969049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10038127                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10038127                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    272007176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    272007176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    272007176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    272007176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        97622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        80829                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        80829                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       178451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       178451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       178451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       178451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 127540.919669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127540.919669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118095.611765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118095.611765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 127165.580178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127165.580178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 127165.580178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127165.580178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1525                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1525                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     64484872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64484872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       139088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       139088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     64623960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64623960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     64623960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64623960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105195.549755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105195.549755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       139088                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       139088                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105250.749186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105250.749186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105250.749186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105250.749186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
