
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.117695                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                117694958619                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               644797021527                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 293038                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   374884                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1992674                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67759048                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 59063.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17307965405                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22142058251                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2503808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      3951744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1159936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2444160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1625344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2445696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2516864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1160192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      4677120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2439936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1625600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2442240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2508160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2509056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1623936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      3967360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             39678208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           77056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     12012672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          12012672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        19561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        30873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         9062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        19095                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        12698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        19107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        19663                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         9064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        36540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        19062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        12700                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        19080                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        19595                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        19602                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        12687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        30995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                309986                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           93849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                93849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        39152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     21273706                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        41327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     33576154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        36977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data      9855443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        38065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     20766905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        46765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13809801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        38065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     20779955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        40240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     21384637                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        36977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      9857618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        47853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     39739340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        38065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     20731015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13811976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        36977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     20750591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        39152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     21310683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        40240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     21318296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13797838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        41327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     33708836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               337127507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        39152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        41327                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        36977                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        38065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        46765                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        38065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        40240                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        36977                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        47853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        38065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45677                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        36977                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        39152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        40240                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        41327                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             654709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         102066156                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              102066156                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         102066156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        39152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     21273706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        41327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     33576154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        36977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data      9855443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        38065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     20766905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        46765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13809801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        38065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     20779955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        40240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     21384637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        36977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      9857618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        47853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     39739340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        38065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     20731015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        45677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13811976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        36977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     20750591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        39152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     21310683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        40240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     21318296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        47853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13797838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        41327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     33708836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              439193663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              282242108                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20715534                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16988897                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2025745                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8532019                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8087950                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2121336                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90872                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197562513                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117775941                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20715534                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10209286                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25902233                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5772439                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     18716418                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12175829                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2014888                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    245892120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922987                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      219989887     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        2803813      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        3242397      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        1783005      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2069117      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1125819      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         766835      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        2010720      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12100527      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    245892120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073396                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.417287                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      195965021                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     20344734                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25696185                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles       194104                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3692070                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3362129                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        18886                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143791763                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        93669                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3692070                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      196268570                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       6479774                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles     13004590                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        25594989                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       852121                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143704325                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          220                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       223771                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       393115                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           75                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199660646                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    669100606                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    669100606                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170291692                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29368914                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37487                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20862                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2288970                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13731563                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7470014                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196990                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1660107                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143460293                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37560                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135484353                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       191537                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18099815                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41934160                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4110                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    245892120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    188821572     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22939089      9.33%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12329056      5.01%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8545409      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7471641      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3830776      1.56%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       914988      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       596159      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       443430      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    245892120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35293     11.96%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       128415     43.53%     55.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131262     44.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113405548     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2120265      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16584      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12525629      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7416327      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135484353                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.480029                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            294970                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002177                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517347329                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161598956                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133234317                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135779323                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       341151                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2447880                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          851                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1292                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       169342                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8292                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4361                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3692070                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       5987531                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       149083                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143497970                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        74217                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13731563                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7470014                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20853                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104423                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1292                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1170513                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1143119                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2313632                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133490925                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11762610                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1993424                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 117                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19177285                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18673340                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7414675                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.472966                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133236409                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133234317                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        79197682                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       207501084                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.472057                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381674                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122687896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20811314                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33450                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2037435                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    242200050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506556                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323118                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192081000     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23244481      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9740446      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5849597      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4052684      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2612182      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1361543      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1092108      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2166009      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    242200050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122687896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18584355                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11283683                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16688                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17558823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110607967                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2496073                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2166009                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          383532575                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290690587                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3028968                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              36349988                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122687896                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.822421                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.822421                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.354306                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.354306                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      602114531                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184905220                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134165250                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33420                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              282242108                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19819480                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16208830                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1936149                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8239876                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7823268                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2039353                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86086                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    192383873                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            112456909                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19819480                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      9862621                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            23569406                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5630124                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      9040264                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11831337                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1948729                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    228644659                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945368                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      205075253     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1280252      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2020955      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3213689      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1330220      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1488113      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1589488      0.70%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1034611      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11612078      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    228644659                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070222                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.398441                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      190550884                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     10887743                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        23496073                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        59300                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3650658                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3248952                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          460                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    137314242                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2972                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3650658                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      190844819                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       2197211                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      7822231                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23266617                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       863110                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    137224005                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents        33216                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       235217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       318499                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        62318                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    190503518                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    638348510                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    638348510                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    162621946                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       27881557                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        35427                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19702                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2543150                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     13077330                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7032624                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       212068                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1595760                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        137029147                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35535                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       129726638                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163663                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17300131                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38515273                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3822                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228644659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173913604     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21989558      9.62%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12015551      5.26%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8178950      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7647846      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2199233      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1716872      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       584013      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       399032      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228644659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30171     12.61%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        92066     38.48%     51.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116989     48.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108672511     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2050469      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15724      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11992378      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6995556      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    129726638                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.459629                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            239226                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001844                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    488500824                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154366255                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127642328                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    129965864                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       393546                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2343948                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          387                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1469                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       209274                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8088                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           58                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3650658                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1376326                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117522                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137064822                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56734                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13077330                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7032624                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19694                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86543                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1469                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1132955                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1104111                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2237066                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127880048                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11279594                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1846590                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 140                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           18273332                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18000826                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          6993738                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.453086                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            127643239                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           127642328                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        74632388                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       194951407                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.452244                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382826                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95523829                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    117088206                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19977105                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31713                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1977543                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224994001                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177465763     78.88%     78.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23015507     10.23%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8960061      3.98%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4831015      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3612682      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2019341      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1245891      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1113175      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2730566      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224994001                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     95523829                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    117088206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             17556730                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            10733380                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             15822                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         16807448                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       105505395                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2378676                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2730566                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          359328109                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         277781527                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3118022                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              53597449                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          95523829                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           117088206                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     95523829                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.954677                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.954677                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.338446                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.338446                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      576682419                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     176926612                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     128091957                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        31684                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              282242108                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       24487873                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20388972                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2226032                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9503925                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8971379                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2637403                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103614                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    213177276                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            134334998                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          24487873                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     11608782                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            28010234                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       6186637                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     19173538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           78                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        13235768                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2128036                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    264303822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      236293588     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1718777      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2173988      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3451555      1.31%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1440803      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1860393      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        2166347      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         989451      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       14208920      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    264303822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086762                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.475957                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      211928795                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     20544345                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        27877539                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        13231                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3939910                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3726618                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          576                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    164197226                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         3026                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3939910                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      212142781                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        683063                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     19264263                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        27677090                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       596708                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    163187773                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        86723                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       415977                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    227952386                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    758911851                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    758911851                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    190894594                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       37057781                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        39905                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20975                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2096845                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     15271202                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7990000                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        90195                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1801092                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        159346874                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40046                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       152935427                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151652                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19234414                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39059861                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1864                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264303822                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199499543     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29558648     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12086194      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6769048      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9176049      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2821853      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2780858      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1494394      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117235      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264303822                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1053841     79.10%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       142049     10.66%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136319     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128842702     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2091213      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18930      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14016953      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7965629      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    152935427                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.541859                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1332209                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008711                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    571658537                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178622049                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148961127                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    154267636                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       113954                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2864238                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          718                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       106212                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3939910                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        519990                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        65460                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159386929                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       124015                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15271202                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7990000                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20975                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57200                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           71                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          718                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1320542                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1245882                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2566424                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150276355                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13788175                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2659072                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           21753170                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       21254811                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7964995                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.532438                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            148961529                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           148961127                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        89252698                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       239757082                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.527778                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372263                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111057972                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    136848981                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22538644                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2245053                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260363912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525607                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202447288     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29349225     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10654920      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5309735      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4859731      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2042051      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2017370      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       961424      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2722168      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260363912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    111057972                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    136848981                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             20290747                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            12406959                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             19048                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         19836225                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       123208290                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2825854                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2722168                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          417028602                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         322715195                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3231393                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              17938286                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         111057972                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           136848981                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    111057972                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.541394                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.541394                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.393485                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.393485                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      676196390                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     208160320                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     151872397                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        38150                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              282242108                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       19411896                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17323906                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1542355                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12865752                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12649494                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1164973                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46471                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204914995                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            110225193                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          19411896                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     13814467                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24568052                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5064644                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      8193609                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12396700                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1514120                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    241190243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      216622191     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        3742559      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1890600      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3696952      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1191491      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3422134      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         541683      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         880097      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        9202536      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    241190243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.068777                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.390534                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      202985470                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     10170051                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24519706                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        19609                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3495406                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1843892                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        18181                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    123327670                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        34321                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3495406                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      203205227                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       6534959                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      2937948                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        24301536                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       715161                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    123148655                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        95904                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       546062                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    161424083                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    558139378                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    558139378                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    130940123                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       30483844                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        16557                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8376                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1651835                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     22159392                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      3617151                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23612                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       823810                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        122506498                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16613                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       114728264                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74624                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22082542                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45154434                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          116                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241190243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089233                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190894198     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15823539      6.56%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16856506      6.99%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9755410      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5035203      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1261564      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1499528      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34677      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        29618      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241190243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192695     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79098     23.49%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64996     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89996272     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       901054      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8182      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20235914     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3586842      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    114728264                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.406489                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336789                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002936                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    471058184                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144605952                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111827304                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    115065053                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        91456                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4493470                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          304                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        88249                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3495406                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       5724601                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85954                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122523199                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5981                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22159392                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3617151                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8373                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41335                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2340                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          304                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1041076                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       595388                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1636464                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113273500                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19948757                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1454764                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  88                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           23535431                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17219275                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          3586674                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.401335                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            111851983                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           111827304                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        67649409                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       147494070                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.396211                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.458659                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89060475                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    100292354                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22235762                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16497                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1532640                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    237694837                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200345854     84.29%     84.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14683531      6.18%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9422499      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2967399      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4920579      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       961349      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       609433      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       557575      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3226618      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    237694837                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     89060475                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    100292354                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             21194795                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            17665893                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              8232                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         15385622                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        87653935                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1256169                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      3226618                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          356996010                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         248554491                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4567260                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              41051865                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          89060475                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           100292354                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     89060475                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.169106                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.169106                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.315546                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.315546                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      526470085                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     145731736                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     130938810                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        16480                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              282242108                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       21834529                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17866156                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2136717                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9120967                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8604221                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2257053                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97381                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210420718                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            122068488                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          21834529                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10861274                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            25494226                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5818773                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     11231380                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12873231                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2138022                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    250800626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      225306400     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1193800      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1892104      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2559192      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2632734      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2224719      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1241394      0.49%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1847088      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11903195      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    250800626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077361                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.432496                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      208253600                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     13416898                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        25446804                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        29396                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3653926                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3593214                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    149797735                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1959                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3653926                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      208826838                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1885106                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     10207516                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        24909571                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles      1317667                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    149739551                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       196512                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       565104                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    208958465                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    696586369                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    696586369                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    181326555                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       27631899                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        37496                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19669                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         3911199                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     14024923                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7597141                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89739                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1781877                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        149554160                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37628                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       142108305                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19623                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16409222                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39158353                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1680                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250800626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190666691     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24724534      9.86%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12531361      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9450031      3.77%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7424156      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2995601      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1892414      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       984861      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       130977      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250800626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26942     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86507     36.69%     48.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122347     51.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119521250     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2118011      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17823      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12878338      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7572883      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    142108305                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.503498                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            235796                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    535272653                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    166001597                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139968081                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    142344101                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       288591                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2245159                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          588                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103246                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3653926                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1563399                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129663                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149591934                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14024923                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7597141                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19673                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109411                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          588                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1245563                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1197792                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2443355                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140138915                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12117872                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1969388                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           19690455                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19919901                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7572583                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.496520                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            139968309                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           139968081                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        80347054                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       216500393                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.495915                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105702002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    130065289                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19526666                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35948                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2163697                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    247146700                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373735                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193800381     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26433197     10.70%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9996403      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4762555      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4005929      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2303008      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2019852      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       909247      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2916128      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    247146700                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    105702002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    130065289                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             19273659                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11779764                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             17934                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         18755730                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       117187189                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2678338                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2916128                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          393821799                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         302837898                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3189986                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              31441482                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         105702002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           130065289                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    105702002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.670168                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.670168                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.374508                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.374508                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      630743598                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     194980569                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     138865760                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        35916                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              282242108                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19433371                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17344534                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1548436                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12966440                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12678615                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1167880                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        47068                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205280848                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            110325174                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19433371                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     13846495                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24595455                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5070683                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      8128553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12420299                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1519945                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    241518391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      216922936     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        3748921      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1889424      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3703991      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1191931      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3434873      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         541947      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         879727      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        9204641      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    241518391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068854                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.390888                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      203346020                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     10110359                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24546896                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        19780                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3495335                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1843354                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        18200                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    123434143                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        34378                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3495335                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      203566362                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       6485784                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      2925209                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24328286                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       717409                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    123253929                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        96278                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       547991                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    161552463                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    558592908                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    558592908                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    131097154                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       30455302                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        16591                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8403                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1656287                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     22203090                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      3613852                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23908                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       819870                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        122611903                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16650                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       114848732                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74614                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22057200                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45122954                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241518391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191160281     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15848704      6.56%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16885447      6.99%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9752391      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5043692      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1262782      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1501275      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34919      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28900      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241518391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192711     57.21%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79221     23.52%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64931     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     90080728     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       901844      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8188      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20274593     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3583379      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    114848732                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.406916                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336863                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002933                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    471627332                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144686056                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111941145                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    115185595                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89853                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4508866                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          108                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          308                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82314                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3495335                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       5673899                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85672                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122628643                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6288                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22203090                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3613852                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8402                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40980                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2369                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          308                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1046507                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       594955                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1641462                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113392364                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19983635                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1456368                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  90                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           23566841                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17240149                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          3583206                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.401756                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            111966898                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           111941145                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        67728615                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       147604436                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.396614                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.458852                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89177534                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    100417656                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22215944                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16511                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1538710                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    238023056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200627663     84.29%     84.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14700753      6.18%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9435393      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2969375      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4927209      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       964369      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       610070      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       558901      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3229323      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    238023056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     89177534                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    100417656                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             21225759                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            17694221                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              8238                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         15405694                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        87761233                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1257117                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3229323                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          357427008                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         248765299                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4579719                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              40723717                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          89177534                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           100417656                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     89177534                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.164946                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.164946                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.315961                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.315961                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      527031046                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     145879700                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     131064110                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        16496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              282242108                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       20721162                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16993271                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2027271                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8532212                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8090266                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2122201                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90914                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197618046                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            117804193                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          20721162                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     10212467                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            25910079                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5776390                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     18456796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12178996                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2015812                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    245698985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923898                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      219788906     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        2805245      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        3245335      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        1782773      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        2068495      0.84%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1127760      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         766316      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        2008179      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       12105976      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    245698985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.073416                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.417387                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      196021361                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     20084515                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        25702827                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles       195099                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3695177                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3363353                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        18888                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    143828259                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        93490                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3695177                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      196326850                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       6611539                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles     12610379                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        25601612                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       853422                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    143740262                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          227                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       223890                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       393467                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           46                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    199711591                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    669267742                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    669267742                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    170321972                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       29389619                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        37443                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20822                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2295450                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     13734453                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7470308                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197372                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1661531                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        143498856                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37516                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       135511460                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       191568                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18112159                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41982280                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4062                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    245698985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551534                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    188615542     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22942233      9.34%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12336453      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8547370      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7471594      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3829980      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       916696      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       595177      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       443940      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    245698985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35393     12.02%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       127976     43.47%     55.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131019     44.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113430019     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2120378      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16587      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12527260      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7417216      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    135511460                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.480125                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            294388                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002172                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517207861                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161649806                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133260493                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    135805848                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       341160                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2448768                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          870                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1278                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       168352                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8294                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3729                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3695177                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       6119693                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       150017                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143536488                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        72021                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13734453                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7470308                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20808                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       105414                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1278                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1170729                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1144268                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2314997                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133515994                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11763011                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1995466                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 116                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           19178670                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       18677030                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7415659                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.473055                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            133262438                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           133260493                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        79210578                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       207539712                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.472150                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381665                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100017695                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    122709702                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20827955                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33454                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2038924                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    242003808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191874949     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23249717      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9743395      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5848494      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4054331      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2612154      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1362134      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1092257      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2166377      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    242003808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    100017695                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    122709702                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             18587641                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            11285685                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             16690                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         17561981                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       110627607                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2496526                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2166377                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          383374412                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         290770565                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3030634                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              36543123                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         100017695                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           122709702                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    100017695                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.821922                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.821922                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.354368                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.354368                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      602229486                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     184941638                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     134195363                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        33424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              282242108                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       24507617                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20403212                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2225396                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9377530                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8972605                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2638082                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103194                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    213242366                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            134433320                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          24507617                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     11610687                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            28025821                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       6192423                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     19115534                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4745                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        13240277                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2127533                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    264335406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625034                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      236309585     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1719624      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2170465      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3446672      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1443801      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1863441      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        2168158      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         992675      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       14220985      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    264335406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086832                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.476305                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      211995742                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     20487411                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        27892790                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        13223                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3946238                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3732229                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          635                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    164331299                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         3146                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3946238                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      212209980                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        683949                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     19205239                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        27692047                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       597946                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    163321086                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        86411                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       417192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    228104862                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    759517215                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    759517215                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    190978319                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       37126543                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        39603                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20665                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2102007                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     15289745                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      8000689                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        90372                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1810556                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        159469442                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39745                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       153037048                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151170                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19267650                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39166825                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1547                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264335406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199491497     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29571784     11.19%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12095024      4.58%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6776408      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9182236      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2824496      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2780565      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1495990      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117406      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264335406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1052921     79.03%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       143064     10.74%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136396     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128925904     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2092140      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18938      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14023501      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7976565      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    153037048                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.542219                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1332381                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008706                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    571893053                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178777553                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149056454                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    154369429                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       114244                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2877371                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           49                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          719                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       113491                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3946238                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        520103                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        65756                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159509196                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       125443                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15289745                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8000689                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20665                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57535                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           68                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          719                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1317253                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1250790                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2568043                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150372577                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13794581                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2664471                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           21770166                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       21267368                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7975585                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.532779                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            149057092                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           149056454                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        89308832                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       239924775                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.528116                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372237                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111106655                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    136908925                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22600905                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2244400                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260389168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525786                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202448170     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29362948     11.28%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10657936      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5312224      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4862127      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2040473      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2019019      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       961722      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2724549      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260389168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    111106655                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    136908925                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             20299572                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            12412374                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             19056                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         19844943                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       123262214                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2827082                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2724549                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          417173682                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         322965920                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3230981                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              17906702                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         111106655                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           136908925                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    111106655                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.540281                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.540281                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393657                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393657                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      676617629                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     208279435                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     151985772                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        38166                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              282242108                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19067018                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17207000                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       996133                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7196194                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6827895                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047997                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43930                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202217896                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            119799266                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19067018                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      7875892                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            23704979                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       3149219                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     28256203                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11598845                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1000403                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    256307247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548453                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      232602268     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         844749      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1738186      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         742074      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        3935506      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3499934      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         678018      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1416756      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       10849756      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    256307247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.067556                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.424456                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      200106048                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     30380448                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        23617853                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        75237                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      2127656                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1671802                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          514                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    140507186                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2801                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      2127656                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      200374235                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles      28253244                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1211771                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23456839                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       883495                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    140425955                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          448                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       453988                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       290559                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8765                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    164819549                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    661311728                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    661311728                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    146161956                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       18657593                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        16291                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8226                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2045743                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     33136099                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores     16764154                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152551                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       810770                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        140152617                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16340                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       134702495                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        88339                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10897916                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26196417                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           87                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256307247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316063                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    207924691     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14780772      5.77%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11946497      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5167991      2.02%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6453974      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6111068      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3473546      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277420      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       171288      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256307247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338811     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2587627     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        75737      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84488865     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1176252      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8064      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32318267     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16711047     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    134702495                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.477259                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3002175                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022287                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528802751                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    151070364                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133540378                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    137704670                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241793                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1300088                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          510                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3499                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       118044                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11877                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      2127656                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles      27564778                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       264503                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140169054                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1313                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33136099                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16764154                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8226                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       164339                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          122                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3499                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       583155                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       587267                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1170422                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133765762                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32202776                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       936733                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  97                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           48912165                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       17523678                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores         16709389                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.473940                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            133543938                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           133540378                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        72129883                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       142372312                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.473141                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.506629                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108486581                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    127489865                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12694568                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16253                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1018021                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    254179591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501574                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320123                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    207763178     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17086565      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7957356      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7824279      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2164186      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8951292      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       680796      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       497741      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1254198      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    254179591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    108486581                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    127489865                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             48482121                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            31836011                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              8114                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         16835805                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       113369211                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1234961                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1254198                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          393109501                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         282496701                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4338587                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              25934861                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         108486581                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           127489865                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    108486581                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.601632                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.601632                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.384374                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.384374                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      661248470                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     155061450                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     167257555                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        16228                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              282242108                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19343217                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17264666                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1541619                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12912340                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12620336                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1162341                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46860                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204337848                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            109807994                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19343217                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     13782677                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24481708                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5048010                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      8344909                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12363332                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1513267                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    240662184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511303                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      216180476     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        3732726      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1880312      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3687128      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1186597      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3418544      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         538811      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         876167      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        9161423      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    240662184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068534                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.389056                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      202411791                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     10317750                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24433362                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        19671                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3479609                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1834844                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        18110                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    122857331                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        34266                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3479609                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      202631121                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       6657745                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      2964925                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24215810                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       712968                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    122678560                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        95744                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       544339                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    160799619                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    555980699                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    555980699                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    130487270                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       30312333                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        16505                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8357                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1644605                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     22099685                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      3596861                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23844                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       816906                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        122039217                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16562                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       114313793                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74610                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21952348                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44893812                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    240662184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190536934     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15776230      6.56%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16806884      6.98%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9706611      4.03%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5022257      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1256791      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1493075      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34687      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28715      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    240662184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192141     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78801     23.48%     80.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64603     19.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89663357     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       897569      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8150      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20178199     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3566518      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    114313793                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.405020                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335545                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002935                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    469699925                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144008425                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111420578                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    114649338                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89396                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4487811                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          302                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81652                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3479609                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       5850906                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85777                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122055866                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6597                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22099685                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3596861                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8353                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41296                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2318                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          302                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1041624                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       592495                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1634119                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112862606                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19888204                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1451187                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           23454535                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17159732                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          3566331                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.399879                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            111445577                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           111420578                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        67413356                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       146914684                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.394770                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.458861                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88762512                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     99950470                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22110353                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16434                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1531950                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    237182575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199961548     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14633162      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9390109      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2954922      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4905147      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       959418      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607566      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       556374      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3214329      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    237182575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     88762512                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     99950470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             21127080                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            17611871                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              8200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         15333873                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        87353147                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1251304                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      3214329                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          356028744                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         247604004                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4558754                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              41579924                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          88762512                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            99950470                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     88762512                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.179744                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.179744                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.314491                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.314491                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      524567594                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     145202568                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     130450177                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        16418                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              282242108                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       21858365                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17884984                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2131783                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8990324                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8595987                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2257929                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97306                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210391018                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            122258078                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          21858365                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10853916                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            25516729                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5827135                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     11228595                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12870276                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2133369                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    250803928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      225287199     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1193124      0.48%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1892112      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2556362      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        2631862      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        2224891      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1242243      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1847155      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11928980      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    250803928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077445                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.433167                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      208223497                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     13414735                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        25469255                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        29228                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3667211                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3598169                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    149996703                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1963                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3667211                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      208796719                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1875895                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles     10214621                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24931885                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles      1317595                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    149939796                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       196257                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       565118                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    209231382                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    697551372                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    697551372                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    181414288                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       27817088                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        37184                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19351                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         3910890                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     14024295                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7607128                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89014                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1739600                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        149751628                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37317                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       142214986                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19711                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16542300                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39613711                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1350                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250803928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567037                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190678410     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24684645      9.84%     85.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12508836      4.99%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9480830      3.78%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7441429      2.97%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3001198      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1893236      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       983695      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131649      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250803928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27099     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86553     36.68%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122326     51.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119607841     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2124662      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17832      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12881656      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7582995      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    142214986                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.503876                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            235978                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    535489589                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    166331821                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140084024                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    142450964                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       291111                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2238841                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           97                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          579                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       109600                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3667211                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1554499                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129416                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149789097                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        59666                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14024295                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7607128                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19352                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109186                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          579                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1238972                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1200166                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2439138                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140255205                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12124198                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1959781                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 152                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           19706908                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       19932162                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7582710                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.496932                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            140084276                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           140084024                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        80415318                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       216676581                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.496326                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371131                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105753157                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    130128170                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19660934                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35967                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2158778                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    247136717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193792829     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26420404     10.69%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9999253      4.05%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4768489      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3990306      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2303352      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2030706      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       909451      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2921927      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    247136717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    105753157                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    130128170                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             19282978                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11785450                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             17944                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         18764750                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       117243896                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2679636                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2921927                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          394003166                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         303245488                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3186720                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              31438180                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         105753157                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           130128170                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    105753157                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.668876                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.668876                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.374690                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.374690                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      631258052                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     195133641                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     139070167                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        35934                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              282242108                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19380614                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17298899                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1544633                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12937094                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12643537                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1165742                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46946                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204749332                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            110036816                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19380614                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     13809279                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24532596                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5057579                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      8383409                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12387990                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1516372                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    241169598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      216637002     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3737055      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1886373      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3695409      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1189322      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3425011      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         541944      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         876308      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        9181174      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    241169598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068667                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.389867                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      202821872                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     10357857                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24483867                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        19888                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3486113                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1837017                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        18149                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    123118580                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        34273                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3486113                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      203041160                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       6653448                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      3007305                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24266375                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       715191                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    122939770                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          236                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        96480                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       545599                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    161153461                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    557197355                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    557197355                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    130778346                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       30375095                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        16536                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8365                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1651395                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     22142237                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3606483                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24290                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       820967                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        122300076                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16594                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       114563751                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74416                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21994578                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44992459                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          117                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241169598                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475034                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190935601     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15812741      6.56%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16840973      6.98%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9727682      4.03%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5031606      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1258887      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1498430      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34845      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28833      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241169598                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192174     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78991     23.51%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64811     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89859035     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       900126      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8172      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20220368     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3576050      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    114563751                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.405906                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335976                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002933                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    470707490                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144311529                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111660185                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    114899727                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89471                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4498245                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          287                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81860                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3486113                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       5844194                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85644                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122316756                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8951                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22142237                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3606483                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8364                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41109                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2308                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          287                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1044826                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       592770                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1637596                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113109863                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19929262                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1453886                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  86                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           23505156                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17194225                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3575894                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.400755                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            111685563                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           111660185                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        67560465                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       147271247                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.395618                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.458749                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88950359                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    100168511                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22153188                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1534950                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    237683485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200375728     84.30%     84.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14668865      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9412179      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2964500      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4913142      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       962642      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608705      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       558012      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3219712      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    237683485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     88950359                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    100168511                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             21168610                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            17643987                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8222                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15366664                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        87545722                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1254650                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3219712                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          356785147                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         248132255                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4566211                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              41072510                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          88950359                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           100168511                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     88950359                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.173029                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.173029                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.315156                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.315156                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      525711403                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     145521745                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     130718388                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16460                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              282242108                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20700757                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16975263                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2022886                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8564363                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8088859                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2123750                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90874                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197470478                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            117665796                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20700757                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10212609                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            25874158                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5752895                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     18563723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12165835                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2011538                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    245603128                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      219728970     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        2801859      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        3233900      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        1781986      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2067086      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1128543      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         772921      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        2007520      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       12080343      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    245603128                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.073344                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.416897                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      195876767                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     20187719                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        25667853                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles       194911                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3675872                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3360999                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        18897                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    143628146                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        93775                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3675872                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      196181122                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       6768443                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles     12557396                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        25567129                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       853160                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    143541192                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       224711                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       393008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           46                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    199454355                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    668325594                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    668325594                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    170278923                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       29175407                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        37444                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20823                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2286440                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13701660                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7465199                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197210                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1662703                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        143307188                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37520                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       135404032                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       191651                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17955831                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41549668                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4074                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    245603128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551312                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    188550918     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22946538      9.34%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12324079      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8537750      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7462006      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3826167      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       916016      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       596101      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       443553      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    245603128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35649     12.27%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       123782     42.61%     54.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131047     45.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113332489     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2118326      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16583      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12524778      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7411856      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    135404032                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.479744                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            290478                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002145                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    516893317                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161301817                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133162536                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    135694510                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       341320                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2418805                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          854                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1282                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       165060                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8292                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3958                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3675872                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       6269675                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       150536                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143344831                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        72555                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13701660                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7465199                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20814                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       105615                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1282                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172288                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1135852                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2308140                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133419058                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11761940                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1984970                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 123                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           19172083                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18666228                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7410143                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.472711                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            133164660                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           133162536                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        79143214                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       207292955                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.471803                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381794                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99992476                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    122678754                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20667293                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33446                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2034492                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    241927256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191809599     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23241254      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9740142      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5855622      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4050678      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2616764      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1354772      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1092214      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2166211      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    241927256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     99992476                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    122678754                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18582991                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11282852                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             16686                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17557536                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       110599727                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2495900                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2166211                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          383106416                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         290368057                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3022880                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              36638980                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          99992476                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           122678754                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     99992476                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.822633                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.822633                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.354279                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.354279                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      601829458                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     184807703                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     134050204                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        33416                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              282242108                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20750048                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17017925                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2026796                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8579701                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8107624                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2126470                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90807                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197873052                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            117928086                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20750048                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10234094                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            25934050                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5765911                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     18459913                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12190361                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2015170                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    245971146                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      220037096     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        2808227      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        3244144      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        1785569      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2073354      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1129491      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         772817      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        2011241      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       12109207      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    245971146                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073519                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.417826                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      196275835                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     20087830                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        25726544                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles       195748                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3685183                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3366848                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        18948                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    143950192                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        93959                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3685183                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      196581273                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       6831663                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     12389863                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        25625798                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       857360                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    143862288                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          224                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       227346                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       394013                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           48                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    199896404                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    669817528                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    669817528                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    170642182                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       29254183                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        37433                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20784                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2293126                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13733702                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7479448                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197391                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1664470                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        143626385                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37518                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       135689355                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       191442                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18008247                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41704055                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4002                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    245971146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244178                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    188793131     76.75%     76.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22999902      9.35%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12351787      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8554767      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7480490      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3832004      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       918196      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       596530      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       444339      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    245971146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35343     12.14%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       124691     42.82%     54.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131139     45.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113577021     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2122388      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16618      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12546899      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7426429      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    135689355                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.480755                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            291173                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002146                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517832467                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161673412                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133446512                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    135980528                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       342788                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2426871                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          811                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1266                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       163831                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8308                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3697                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3685183                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       6338411                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       151589                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143664029                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        71971                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13733702                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7479448                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20776                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       105678                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1266                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1173646                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1139285                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2312931                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133702185                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11784661                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1987166                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 126                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           19209326                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18706219                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7424665                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.473715                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            133448541                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           133446512                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        79318098                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       207768473                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.472809                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381762                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100205692                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    122940248                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20725190                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33516                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2038359                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    242285963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192060078     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23292648      9.61%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9760932      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5866918      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4060094      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2620856      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1360215      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1094740      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2169482      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    242285963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    100205692                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    122940248                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18622444                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11306827                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             16722                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17594960                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       110835448                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2501207                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2169482                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          383781243                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         291016145                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3028927                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              36270962                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         100205692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           122940248                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    100205692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.816628                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.816628                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.355035                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.355035                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      603101314                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     185202732                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     134345062                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        33484                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              282242108                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       21825589                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17858584                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2128583                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8965536                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8585963                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2255486                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97067                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210070132                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            122091786                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          21825589                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10841449                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            25480814                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5819511                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     11424328                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12851056                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2130414                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    250638470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933600                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      225157656     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1190240      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1888464      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2554180      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2626369      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        2221919      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1244163      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1846197      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11909282      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    250638470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077329                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.432578                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      207904374                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     13608471                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        25433715                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        29088                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3662820                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3592439                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    149791878                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1960                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3662820                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      208477489                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1892910                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles     10392148                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24896245                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles      1316856                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    149735530                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       195677                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       564837                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    208945304                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    696611266                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    696611266                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    181137363                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       27807919                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        37137                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19327                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         3906028                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     14004094                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7596530                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89050                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1742546                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        149548094                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37269                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       142007658                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19636                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16545504                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39649229                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1357                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250638470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259782                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190600529     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24650863      9.84%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12488327      4.98%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9465666      3.78%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7431137      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2999446      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1887605      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       983441      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131456      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250638470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27220     11.56%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86397     36.68%     48.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121951     51.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119429637     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2122410      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17805      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12865388      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7572418      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    142007658                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.503141                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            235568                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    534908986                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    166131459                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139879219                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    142243226                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       288251                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2236578                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          594                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       110399                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3662820                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1572100                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129385                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149585509                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        59639                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14004094                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7596530                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19332                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109265                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          594                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1238190                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1196918                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2435108                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140050535                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12105097                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1957119                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19677231                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       19900820                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7572134                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.496207                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            139879462                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           139879219                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        80295594                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       216359895                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.495600                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105591700                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    129929625                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19655892                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35912                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2155535                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246975650                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526083                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193712247     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26380524     10.68%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9985154      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4760751      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3983843      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2300470      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2026858      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       908754      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2917049      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246975650                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    105591700                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    129929625                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             19253644                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11767513                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             17916                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         18736154                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       117065001                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2675561                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2917049                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          393643390                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         302833927                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3182178                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              31603638                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         105591700                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           129929625                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    105591700                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.672957                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.672957                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.374117                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.374117                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      630336034                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     194849088                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     138878215                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        35880                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              282242108                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       19885092                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16261739                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1938754                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8193161                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7836111                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2044599                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86010                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    192890865                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            112862157                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          19885092                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9880710                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            23643690                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5649145                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      8885909                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11861421                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1951563                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    229087934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      205444244     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1284055      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2024097      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3224751      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1331535      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1486983      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1595493      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1038011      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11658765      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    229087934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070454                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.399877                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      191044897                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     10745832                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        23570604                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        59593                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3667007                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3260826                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          464                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    137794538                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2825                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3667007                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      191342662                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       2170071                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      7689804                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        23337739                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       880638                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    137704633                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents        40668                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       236439                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       322709                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents        70817                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    191176724                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    640587813                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    640587813                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    163121573                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       28055149                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        35520                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19741                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2569111                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     13111714                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7057138                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       212398                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1602825                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        137510059                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35627                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       130135061                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       164115                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17416385                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38880881                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3813                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    229087934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174193518     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22049149      9.62%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12048264      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8209316      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7674266      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2202925      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1724786      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       584649      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       401061      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    229087934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30286     12.62%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        92387     38.50%     51.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117268     48.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109012528     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2059322      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15773      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12027696      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7019742      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    130135061                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.461076                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            239941                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001844                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    489762112                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154963522                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128047490                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    130375002                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       395545                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2345406                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          350                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1475                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       212827                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8112                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3667007                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1349840                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117992                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137545823                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57136                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13111714                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7057138                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19737                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86969                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1475                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1130989                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1109611                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2240600                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128285965                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11313113                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1849096                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 137                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           18331058                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       18056436                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7017945                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.454525                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            128048357                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           128047490                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        74868516                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       195572768                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.453680                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382817                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95817198                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    117447717                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20098595                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31814                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1980216                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225420927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177751351     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23085451     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8984830      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4844452      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3622150      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2024483      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1250356      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1116733      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2741121      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225420927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     95817198                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    117447717                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             17610619                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10766308                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             15872                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         16859018                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       105829352                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2385969                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2741121                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          360225481                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         278759867                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3125087                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              53154174                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          95817198                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           117447717                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     95817198                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.945631                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.945631                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.339486                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.339486                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      578500839                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     177486697                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     128546771                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        31786                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        19610                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.531803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         231828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        21658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        10.704035                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.691617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.537340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1655.485226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         357.817620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.808342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.174716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 36466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19900                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total               19900                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 158                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  36624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36623                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 36624                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               19594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                19597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19561                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               19597                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80741155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16789157745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16869898900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      4143702                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4143702                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80741155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16793301447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    16874042602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80741155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16793301447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   16874042602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             56060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19900                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total           19900                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              56221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             56221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018634                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.018634                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2242809.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 858429.171950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 860972.690620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1381234                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1381234                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2242809.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 858509.352640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 861052.334643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2242809.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 858509.352640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 861052.334643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks              10581                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                   10581                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           19597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          19597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77579386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15071564381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15149143767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3879229                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3879229                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77579386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15075443610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15153022996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77579386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15075443610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15153022996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2154982.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 770608.670672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773152.177554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1293076.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1293076.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2154982.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 770688.799652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773231.769965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2154982.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 770688.799652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773231.769965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        30921                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.611043                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         166274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        32969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         5.043344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.063377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.715511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1658.073001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         373.759154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.809606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.182500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        38851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 38852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8065                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                8065                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        38952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  38953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        38952                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 38953                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        30846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               30884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        30874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                30912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        30874                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               30912                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     47154843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28888226823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   28935381666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     25081691                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25081691                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     47154843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28913308514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    28960463357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     47154843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28913308514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   28960463357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        69697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             69736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8065                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            8065                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        69826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              69865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        69826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             69865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1240916.921053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 936530.727582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 936905.247572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 895774.678571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895774.678571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1240916.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 936493.765434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 936867.991621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1240916.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 936493.765434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 936867.991621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               4606                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    4606                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        30846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          30884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        30874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           30912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        30874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          30912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     43817069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  26179178140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26222995209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     22622324                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22622324                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     43817069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  26201800464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26245617533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     43817069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  26201800464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26245617533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1153080.763158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 848705.768657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849080.274867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 807940.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807940.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1153080.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 848668.797823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849043.010255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1153080.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 848668.797823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849043.010255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         9096                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.228773                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         217967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        11144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        19.559135                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.075725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     4.856382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1403.626656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         600.670009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.002371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.685365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.293296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        29751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 29753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9284                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                9284                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        29976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  29978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        29976                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 29978                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                9096                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 9096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9062                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                9096                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100371258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7338832272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7439203530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100371258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7338832272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     7439203530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100371258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7338832272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    7439203530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        38813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             38849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9284                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            9284                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        39038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              39074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        39038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             39074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.233478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2952095.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 809846.862944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817854.389842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2952095.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 809846.862944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817854.389842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2952095.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 809846.862944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817854.389842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               4787                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    4787                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            9096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           9096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97386058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6543056265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6640442323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97386058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6543056265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6640442323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97386058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6543056265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6640442323                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.233478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2864295.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 722032.251710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730039.833223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2864295.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 722032.251710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730039.833223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2864295.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 722032.251710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730039.833223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        19131                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.831604                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         160748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        21179                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                         7.589971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.619867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.523906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1673.145327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         343.542503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.816965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.167745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        36282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 36283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6529                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                6529                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        36356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  36357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        36356                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 36357                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19096                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               19131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                19131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19096                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               19131                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     50937285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15116074498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15167011783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     50937285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15116074498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    15167011783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     50937285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15116074498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   15167011783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             55414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6529                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            6529                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              74                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              55488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             55488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1455351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 791583.289589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 792797.646908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1455351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 791583.289589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 792797.646908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1455351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 791583.289589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 792797.646908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               2543                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    2543                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           19131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          19131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47864285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13439095337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13486959622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47864285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13439095337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13486959622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47864285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13439095337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13486959622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1367551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 703764.942239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704979.333124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1367551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 703764.942239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704979.333124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1367551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 703764.942239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704979.333124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        12746                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.442225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         195671                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        14794                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        13.226376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.947579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     5.158985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1529.262686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         486.072975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.746710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.237340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 30379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9772                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                9772                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  30544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30542                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 30544                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               12742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                12742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12699                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               12742                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73040826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10321096478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10394137304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73040826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10321096478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    10394137304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73040826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10321096478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   10394137304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        43076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             43121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9772                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            9772                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        43241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              43286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        43241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             43286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1698623.860465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 812748.758012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815738.291006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1698623.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 812748.758012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815738.291006                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1698623.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 812748.758012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815738.291006                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5590                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5590                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           12741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          12741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69263500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9203815187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9273078687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69263500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9203815187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9273078687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69263500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9203815187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9273078687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1610779.069767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 724824.002756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727814.040264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1610779.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 724824.002756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727814.040264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1610779.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 724824.002756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727814.040264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        19143                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.844735                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         160797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        21191                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         7.587985                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.631306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.417756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1672.814905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         343.980769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.816804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.167959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 36329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6532                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                6532                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  36399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36398                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 36399                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               19142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                19142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19107                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               19142                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53577289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14926279345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14979856634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53577289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14926279345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    14979856634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53577289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14926279345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   14979856634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             55471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6532                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            6532                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              55541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             55541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1530779.685714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 781194.292406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 782564.864382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1530779.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 781194.292406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 782564.864382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1530779.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 781194.292406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 782564.864382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               2549                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    2549                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           19142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          19142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50504289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13248408624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13298912913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50504289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13248408624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13298912913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50504289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13248408624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13298912913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1442979.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 693379.841105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694750.439505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1442979.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 693379.841105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694750.439505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1442979.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 693379.841105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694750.439505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        19711                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.533792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         231867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        21759                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        10.656142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.076218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.654861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1656.438748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         356.363965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.808808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.174006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 36500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19906                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total               19906                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  36657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36656                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 36657                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               19694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                19700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19663                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               19700                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     78963405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16776750096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16855713501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4922046                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4922046                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     78963405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16781672142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    16860635547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     78963405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16781672142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   16860635547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        56156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             56194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19906                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total           19906                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             163                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        56319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              56357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        56319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             56357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.036810                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.036810                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2134146.081081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 853474.594089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 855880.648979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       820341                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       820341                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2134146.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 853464.483649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 855869.824721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2134146.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 853464.483649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 855869.824721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks              10601                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                   10601                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           19700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          19700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     75713600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15050239243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15125952843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4395246                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4395246                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     75713600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15054634489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15130348089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     75713600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15054634489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15130348089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.036810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2046313.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 765642.735056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768048.788616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       732541                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       732541                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2046313.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 765632.634339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768037.974061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2046313.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 765632.634339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768037.974061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         9098                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.231411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         218050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        11146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        19.563072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.078094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     4.861266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1403.494709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         600.797342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.685300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.293358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        29813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 29815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9305                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                9305                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        30038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  30040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        30038                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 30040                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                9098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 9098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9064                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                9098                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112812077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7306130295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7418942372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112812077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7306130295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     7418942372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112812077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7306130295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    7418942372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        38877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             38913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9305                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            9305                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        39102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              39138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        39102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             39138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.231804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.231804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3318002.264706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 806060.270852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815447.611783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3318002.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 806060.270852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815447.611783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3318002.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 806060.270852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815447.611783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               4787                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    4787                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            9098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           9098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    109826877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6510237780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6620064657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    109826877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6510237780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6620064657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    109826877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6510237780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6620064657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.231804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.231804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3230202.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 718252.182259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727639.553418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3230202.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 718252.182259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727639.553418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3230202.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 718252.182259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727639.553418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        36584                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.937751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         205473                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        38632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         5.318725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.653154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     1.839511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1822.298197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         220.146889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.889794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.107494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 42872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          13640                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               13640                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  42901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42900                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 42901                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               36537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                36584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36540                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               36584                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74048139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34443352645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   34517400784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     71818946                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     71818946                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74048139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34515171591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    34589219730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74048139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34515171591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   34589219730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        79364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             79409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13640                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           13640                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        79440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              79485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        79440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             79485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.459818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.618421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.618421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.459970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.459970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1682912.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 943834.506481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944724.547281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1528062.680851                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1528062.680851                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1682912.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 944585.976765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945473.970315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1682912.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 944585.976765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945473.970315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               5737                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    5737                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          36537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           36584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          36584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     70184939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  31238771852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31308956791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     67692346                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67692346                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     70184939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  31306464198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31376649137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     70184939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  31306464198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31376649137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.459818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.618421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.618421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.459970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.459970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1595112.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 856020.931466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856910.988614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1440262.680851                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1440262.680851                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1595112.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 856772.419212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857660.429067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1595112.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 856772.419212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857660.429067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        19098                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.838825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         160711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        21146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         7.600066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.561039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.479930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1671.924551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         343.873305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.816369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.167907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 36177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6598                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                6598                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  36246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36245                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 36246                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               19097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                19097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19062                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               19097                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76650131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15468531534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15545181665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76650131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15468531534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    15545181665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76650131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15468531534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   15545181665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             55274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6598                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            6598                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              55343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             55343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.345089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2190003.742857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 811485.234183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 814011.712049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2190003.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 811485.234183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 814011.712049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2190003.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 811485.234183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 814011.712049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               2540                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    2540                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           19097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          19097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73567381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13793493044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13867060425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73567381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13793493044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13867060425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73567381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13793493044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13867060425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.345089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2101925.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 723612.057706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726138.159135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2101925.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 723612.057706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726138.159135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2101925.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 723612.057706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726138.159135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        12747                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.446698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         195699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        14795                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        13.227374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.955926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     5.044398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1529.478229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         485.968145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.746816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.237289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        30404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 30406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9773                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                9773                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        30568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  30570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        30568                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 30570                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               12743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                12743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12701                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               12743                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75298952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10321224110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10396523062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75298952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10321224110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    10396523062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75298952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10321224110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   10396523062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        43105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             43149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9773                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            9773                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        43269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              43313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        43269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             43313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1792832.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 812630.825132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815861.497450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1792832.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 812630.825132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815861.497450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1792832.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 812630.825132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815861.497450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               5591                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    5591                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           12742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          12742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71611352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9204854390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9276465742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71611352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9204854390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9276465742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71611352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9204854390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9276465742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1705032.190476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 724791.684252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728022.739130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1705032.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 724791.684252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728022.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1705032.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 724791.684252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728022.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        19115                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.840210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         160792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        21163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         7.597789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.544636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.385121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1672.496716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         343.413736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.816649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.167682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        36254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 36255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6601                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                6601                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        36327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  36328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        36327                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 36328                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               19114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                19114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19080                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               19114                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59362418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15239149153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15298511571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59362418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15239149153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    15298511571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59362418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15239149153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   15298511571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             55369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6601                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            6601                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              55442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             55442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1745953.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 798697.544706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 800382.524380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1745953.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 798697.544706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 800382.524380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1745953.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 798697.544706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 800382.524380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               2542                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    2542                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           19114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          19114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     56375632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13563421943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13619797575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     56375632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13563421943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13619797575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     56375632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13563421943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13619797575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1658106.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 710871.171017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712556.114628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1658106.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 710871.171017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712556.114628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1658106.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 710871.171017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712556.114628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        19646                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.535998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         231765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        21694                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        10.683369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.901856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.596159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1659.945960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         353.092023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.810520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.172408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        36433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 36434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19873                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total               19873                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        36589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  36590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        36589                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 36590                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               19626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                19631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19595                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               19631                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69299409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16862786972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16932086381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      2925468                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2925468                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69299409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16865712440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    16935011849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69299409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16865712440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   16935011849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        56023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             56060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19873                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total           19873                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        56184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              56221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        56184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             56221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.031056                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.031056                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.348765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.348765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1924983.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 860785.450332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 862737.510496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 585093.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 585093.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1924983.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 860715.102832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 862666.794814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1924983.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 860715.102832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 862666.794814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks              10587                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                   10587                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           19631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          19631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66138609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15142148927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15208287536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      2486407                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2486407                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66138609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15144635334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15210773943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66138609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15144635334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15210773943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.031056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.348765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.348765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1837183.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 772952.982491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774905.102211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 497281.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 497281.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1837183.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 772882.640163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774834.391676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1837183.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 772882.640163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774834.391676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        19651                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.539477                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         231887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        21699                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        10.686529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.862316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.690790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1657.349612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         355.636760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.809253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.173651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        36483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 36484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19941                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               19941                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 158                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        36641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  36642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        36641                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 36642                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               19635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                19639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19602                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               19639                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     80026512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16647155010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16727181522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      3403927                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3403927                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     80026512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16650558937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    16730585449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     80026512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16650558937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   16730585449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        56081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             56119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19941                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           19941                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        56243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              56281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        56243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             56281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.024691                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.024691                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2162878.702703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 849431.320033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 851906.367303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 850981.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 850981.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2162878.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 849431.636415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 851906.178981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2162878.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 849431.636415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 851906.178981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks              10606                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                   10606                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           19639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          19639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76775979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14926043244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15002819223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      3052727                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3052727                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76775979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14929095971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15005871950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76775979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14929095971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15005871950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.024691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2075026.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761610.533932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764085.521925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 763181.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763181.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2075026.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761610.854556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764085.337848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2075026.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761610.854556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764085.337848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        12736                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.435397                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         195623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        14784                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        13.232075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.939412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     5.399874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1529.132229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         485.963882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.002637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.746647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.237287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        30339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 30341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9762                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                9762                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 167                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        30506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  30508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        30506                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 30508                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               12732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                12732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12688                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               12732                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     84996906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10501199395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10586196301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     84996906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10501199395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    10586196301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     84996906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10501199395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   10586196301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        43027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             43073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9762                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            9762                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        43194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              43240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        43194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             43240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.294885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1931747.863636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 827648.123818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 831463.737119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1931747.863636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 827648.123818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 831463.737119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1931747.863636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 827648.123818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 831463.737119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               5585                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    5585                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           12731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          12731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     81131318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9384620457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9465751775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     81131318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9384620457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9465751775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     81131318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9384620457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9465751775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.294861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1843893.590909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 739703.669662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743519.894352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1843893.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 739703.669662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743519.894352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1843893.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 739703.669662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743519.894352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        31043                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.604568                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         166345                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        33091                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         5.026896                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.049492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     3.659059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1659.479997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         372.416020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.810293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.181844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 38897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8091                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                8091                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  38998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38997                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 38998                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        30967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               31005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        30995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                31033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        30995                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               31033                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     53760798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  28711948462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   28765709260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     20810564                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     20810564                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     53760798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  28732759026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    28786519824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     53760798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  28732759026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   28786519824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        69863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             69902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8091                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            8091                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        69992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              70031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        69992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             70031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.443253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.442836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.443132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.442836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.443132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1414757.842105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 927178.882746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 927776.463796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 743234.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 743234.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1414757.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 927012.712567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 927609.957916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1414757.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 927012.712567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 927609.957916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               4617                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    4617                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        30967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          31005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        30995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           31033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        30995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          31033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     50423675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  25992765062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26043188737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     18352164                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18352164                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     50423675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  26011117226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26061540901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     50423675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  26011117226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26061540901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.443253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.442836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.442836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1326938.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 839369.815029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839967.383874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 655434.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 655434.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1326938.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 839203.653041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839800.886186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1326938.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 839203.653041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839800.886186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              518.289664                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012183870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1950257.938343                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    36.289664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.058157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12175778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12175778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12175778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12175778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12175778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12175778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114625531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114625531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114625531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114625531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114625531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114625531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12175829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12175829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12175829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12175829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12175829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12175829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2247559.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2247559.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     81115198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81115198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     81115198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81115198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     81115198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81115198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2192302.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2192302.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                56184                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              172662408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                56440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3059.220553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.819248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.180752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.913356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.086644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8584374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8584374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7259311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7259311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15843685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15843685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15843685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15843685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       191468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5567                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5567                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       197035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       197035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       197035                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       197035                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  80941639600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80941639600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3544150411                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3544150411                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84485790011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84485790011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84485790011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84485790011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8775842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8775842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16040720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16040720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16040720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16040720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000766                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000766                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 422742.388284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422742.388284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 636635.604634                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 636635.604634                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 428785.698028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 428785.698028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 428785.698028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 428785.698028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     50454042                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets            96                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 525562.937500                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19900                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           19900                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       135445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       140851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       140851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19349554561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19349554561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     14412090                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14412090                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19363966651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19363966651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19363966651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19363966651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 345385.905093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345385.905093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 89516.086957                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89516.086957                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 344652.688506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344652.688506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 344652.688506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344652.688506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              527.367942                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1016289328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1921151.848771                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    37.367942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.059885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11831283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11831283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11831283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11831283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11831283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11831283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66309967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66309967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66309967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66309967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66309967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66309967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11831337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11831337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11831337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11831337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11831337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11831337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1227962.351852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1227962.351852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1227962.351852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1227962.351852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1227962.351852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1227962.351852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     47565132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47565132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     47565132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47565132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     47565132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47565132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1219618.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1219618.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1219618.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1219618.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1219618.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1219618.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                69825                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              180683363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                70081                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2578.207546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.135261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.864739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.914591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.085409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8197555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8197555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6790378                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6790378                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19523                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19523                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15842                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15842                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14987933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       14987933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14987933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      14987933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       181856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          965                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          965                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       182821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       182821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       182821                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       182821                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  80206182110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80206182110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    372118254                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    372118254                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  80578300364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80578300364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  80578300364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80578300364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8379411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8379411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6791343                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6791343                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        19523                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19523                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        15842                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15842                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15170754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15170754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15170754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15170754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 441042.264814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441042.264814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 385614.770984                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 385614.770984                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 440749.697048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440749.697048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 440749.697048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440749.697048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       313252                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       156626                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8065                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            8065                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       112159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       112995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       112995                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112995                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        69697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        69826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        69826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  31696472610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31696472610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     31828326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31828326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  31728300936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31728300936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  31728300936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31728300936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454775.278850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454775.278850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 246731.209302                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246731.209302                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454390.927964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454390.927964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454390.927964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454390.927964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              489.717117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1015024678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2067260.036660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    34.717117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.055636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13235720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13235720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13235720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       13235720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13235720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      13235720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    146418870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146418870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    146418870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146418870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    146418870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146418870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13235766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13235766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13235766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     13235766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13235766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     13235766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3183018.913043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3183018.913043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3183018.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3183018.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3183018.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3183018.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3236658                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 809164.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100808163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100808163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100808163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100808163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100808163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100808163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2800226.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2800226.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2800226.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2800226.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2800226.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2800226.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                39038                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              165476443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                39294                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4211.239451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.562127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.437873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.912352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.087648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     10556765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10556765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7842978                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7842978                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20667                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20667                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        19075                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19075                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     18399743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       18399743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     18399743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      18399743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       100672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       102946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       102946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       102946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       102946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22465270143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22465270143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    146917287                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    146917287                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22612187430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22612187430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22612187430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22612187430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     10657437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10657437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7845252                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7845252                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        20667                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20667                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        19075                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19075                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18502689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18502689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18502689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18502689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 223153.112514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223153.112514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64607.426121                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64607.426121                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 219650.957104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219650.957104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 219650.957104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219650.957104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           23                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           23                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9284                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            9284                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        61859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        63908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        63908                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63908                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        38813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        39038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        39038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9348711652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9348711652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     16419259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16419259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9365130911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9365130911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9365130911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9365130911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 240865.474248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240865.474248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 72974.484444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72974.484444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 239897.815231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239897.815231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 239897.815231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239897.815231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              559.190102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              931093832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1653807.872114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    34.038696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   525.151406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.054549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.841589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12396649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12396649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12396649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12396649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12396649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12396649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     58064577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58064577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     58064577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     58064577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     58064577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     58064577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12396700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12396700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12396700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12396700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12396700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12396700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1138521.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1138521.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1138521.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1138521.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1138521.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1138521.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51326715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51326715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51326715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51326715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51326715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51326715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1425742.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1425742.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1425742.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1425742.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1425742.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1425742.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                55451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              224809919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                55707                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4035.577558                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   203.152200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    52.847800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.793563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.206437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     18211920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18211920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3511912                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3511912                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8293                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8293                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8240                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8240                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     21723832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       21723832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     21723832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      21723832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       195650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          331                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          331                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       195981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       195981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       195981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       195981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  87209720419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  87209720419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     28524455                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28524455                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  87238244874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  87238244874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  87238244874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  87238244874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     18407570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18407570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3512243                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3512243                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8293                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8293                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8240                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8240                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     21919813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21919813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     21919813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21919813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 445743.523736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445743.523736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86176.601208                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86176.601208                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 445136.237054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445136.237054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 445136.237054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445136.237054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6529                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            6529                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       140272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       140272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       140529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       140529                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140529                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  17653433956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17653433956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4789869                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4789869                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  17658223825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17658223825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  17658223825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17658223825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 318780.634115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318780.634115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64727.959459                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64727.959459                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 318441.604000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318441.604000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 318441.604000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318441.604000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              518.670181                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1011569005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1945325.009615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    43.670181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.069984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12873170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12873170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12873170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12873170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12873170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12873170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     99029590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99029590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     99029590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99029590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     99029590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99029590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12873231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12873231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12873231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12873231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12873231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12873231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1623435.901639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1623435.901639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1623435.901639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1623435.901639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1623435.901639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1623435.901639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73533086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73533086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73533086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73533086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73533086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73533086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1634068.577778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1634068.577778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1634068.577778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1634068.577778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1634068.577778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1634068.577778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                43241                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              167252242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                43497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3845.144309                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.434722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.565278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.911854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.088146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8860709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8860709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7458421                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7458421                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19528                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19528                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17958                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17958                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16319130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       16319130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16319130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      16319130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       138619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          981                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          981                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       139600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       139600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       139600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       139600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  46615874581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46615874581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     82796676                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82796676                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  46698671257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46698671257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  46698671257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46698671257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8999328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8999328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7459402                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7459402                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        19528                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19528                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17958                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17958                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16458730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16458730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16458730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16458730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 336287.771381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336287.771381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 84400.281346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84400.281346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 334517.702414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334517.702414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 334517.702414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334517.702414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9772                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            9772                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        95543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        96359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        96359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        96359                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        96359                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        43076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        43241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        43241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12406865686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12406865686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10661644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10661644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12417527330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12417527330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12417527330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12417527330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 288022.696769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288022.696769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64616.024242                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64616.024242                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 287170.216461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287170.216461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 287170.216461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287170.216461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              558.548994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              931117429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1653849.785080                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    34.126399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   524.422594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.054690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.840421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12420246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12420246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12420246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12420246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12420246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12420246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63143903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63143903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63143903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63143903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63143903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63143903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12420299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12420299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12420299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12420299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12420299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12420299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1191394.396226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1191394.396226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1191394.396226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1191394.396226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1191394.396226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1191394.396226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53949571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53949571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53949571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53949571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53949571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53949571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1498599.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1498599.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1498599.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1498599.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1498599.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1498599.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                55505                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              224846708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                55761                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4032.329191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   202.820798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    53.179202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.792269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.207731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     18246020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18246020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3514562                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3514562                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8324                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8324                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     21760582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       21760582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     21760582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      21760582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       195824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       196127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       196127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       196127                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       196127                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  86083151668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86083151668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     26287421                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26287421                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  86109439089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  86109439089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  86109439089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  86109439089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     18441844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18441844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3514865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3514865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8324                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8324                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8248                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8248                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     21956709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21956709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     21956709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21956709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 439594.491319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439594.491319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86757.165017                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86757.165017                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 439049.386821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439049.386821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 439049.386821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439049.386821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6532                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            6532                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       140389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       140389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       140622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       140622                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140622                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17466749428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17466749428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4575922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4575922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17471325350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17471325350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17471325350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17471325350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 315085.224641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315085.224641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 65370.314286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65370.314286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 314770.297271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314770.297271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 314770.297271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314770.297271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              519.087909                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1012187034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1946513.526923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.087909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.059436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12178942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12178942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12178942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12178942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12178942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12178942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    110816452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110816452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    110816452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    110816452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    110816452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    110816452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12178996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12178996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12178996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12178996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12178996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12178996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2052156.518519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2052156.518519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2052156.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2052156.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2052156.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2052156.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     79365870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79365870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     79365870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79365870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     79365870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79365870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2088575.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2088575.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2088575.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2088575.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2088575.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2088575.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                56319                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              172663946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                56575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              3051.947786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.818959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.181041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.913355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.086645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8584624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8584624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7260608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7260608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        16712                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16712                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15845232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       15845232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15845232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      15845232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       191754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5551                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5551                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       197305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       197305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       197305                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       197305                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  81101543186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81101543186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3440900632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3440900632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  84542443818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84542443818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  84542443818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84542443818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8776378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8776378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7266159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7266159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        16712                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16712                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     16042537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16042537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     16042537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16042537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000764                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000764                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 422945.770028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422945.770028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 619870.407494                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 619870.407494                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 428486.068868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 428486.068868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 428486.068868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 428486.068868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     43119598                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets            94                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 458719.127660                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           19906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       135598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       140986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       140986                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140986                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        56156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          163                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          163                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        56319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        56319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19340389369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19340389369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     15166922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15166922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19355556291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19355556291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19355556291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19355556291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 344404.682830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344404.682830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93048.601227                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93048.601227                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 343677.201140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343677.201140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 343677.201140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343677.201140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              489.716881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1015029185                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2067269.215886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    34.716881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.055636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13240227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13240227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13240227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       13240227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13240227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      13240227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    165027021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165027021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    165027021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    165027021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    165027021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    165027021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13240274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13240274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13240274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     13240274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13240274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     13240274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3511213.212766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3511213.212766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3511213.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3511213.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3511213.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3511213.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3886216                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       971554                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    113223558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113223558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    113223558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    113223558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    113223558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    113223558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3145098.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3145098.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3145098.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3145098.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3145098.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3145098.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                39102                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              165484521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                39358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4204.596804                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.558906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.441094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.912339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.087661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     10561746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10561746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7846372                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7846372                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20362                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20362                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19083                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19083                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     18408118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       18408118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     18408118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      18408118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       100772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       103046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       103046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       103046                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       103046                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  22373783682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22373783682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    146843367                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    146843367                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  22520627049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22520627049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  22520627049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22520627049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     10662518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10662518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7848646                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7848646                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        20362                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20362                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        19083                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19083                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     18511164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18511164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     18511164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18511164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 222023.812984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222023.812984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64574.919525                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64574.919525                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 218549.260030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218549.260030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 218549.260030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218549.260030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           69                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           23                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9305                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            9305                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        61895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        63944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        63944                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63944                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        38877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        39102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        39102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9320050454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9320050454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16412675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16412675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9336463129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9336463129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9336463129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9336463129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 239731.729660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239731.729660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 72945.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72945.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 238772.009846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238772.009846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 238772.009846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238772.009846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              583.517793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1041181563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1770716.943878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    42.480776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.037017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.068078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.935125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11598782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11598782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11598782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11598782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11598782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11598782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101594534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101594534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101594534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101594534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101594534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101594534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11598845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11598845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11598845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11598845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11598845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11598845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1612611.650794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1612611.650794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1612611.650794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1612611.650794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1612611.650794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1612611.650794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74478911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74478911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74478911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74478911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74478911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74478911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1655086.911111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1655086.911111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1655086.911111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1655086.911111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1655086.911111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1655086.911111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                79440                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              448567863                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                79696                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              5628.486536                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.909110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.090890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.437145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.562855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     30378027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30378027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     16629347                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16629347                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8131                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8131                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8114                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8114                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     47007374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       47007374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     47007374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      47007374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       291150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       291150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          301                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          301                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       291451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       291451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       291451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       291451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 142988357747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 142988357747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    284997063                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    284997063                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 143273354810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 143273354810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 143273354810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 143273354810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     30669177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30669177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     16629648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16629648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8131                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8131                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8114                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8114                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     47298825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47298825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     47298825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47298825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 491115.774505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491115.774505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 946834.096346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 946834.096346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 491586.423824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 491586.423824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 491586.423824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 491586.423824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1294599                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1294599                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           13640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       211786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       212011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       212011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       212011                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       212011                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        79364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        79440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        79440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  37674224483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37674224483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     74141118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74141118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  37748365601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37748365601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  37748365601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37748365601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 474701.684429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474701.684429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 975541.026316                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 975541.026316                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 475180.835864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475180.835864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 475180.835864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475180.835864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              559.837103                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              931060462                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1653748.600355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    34.685911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.151192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.055586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12363279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12363279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12363279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12363279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12363279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12363279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     93868612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93868612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     93868612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93868612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     93868612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93868612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12363332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12363332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12363332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12363332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12363332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12363332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1771105.886792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1771105.886792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1771105.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1771105.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1771105.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1771105.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77022660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77022660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77022660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77022660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77022660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77022660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2139518.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2139518.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2139518.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2139518.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2139518.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2139518.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                55307                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              224743419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                55563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4044.839534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   202.010750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    53.989250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.789104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.210896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     18159050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18159050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3498322                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3498322                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8284                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8284                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8209                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8209                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     21657372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       21657372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     21657372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      21657372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       195163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          291                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          291                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       195454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       195454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       195454                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       195454                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  88898004831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  88898004831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     25045243                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25045243                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  88923050074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88923050074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  88923050074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88923050074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     18354213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18354213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3498613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3498613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8284                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8284                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8209                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8209                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     21852826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21852826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     21852826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21852826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000083                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000083                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 455506.447590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 455506.447590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 86066.127148                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86066.127148                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 454956.409559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 454956.409559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 454956.409559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 454956.409559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            6598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       139925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       139925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       140147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       140147                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140147                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17998738898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17998738898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4479706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4479706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  18003218604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18003218604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  18003218604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18003218604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 325839.800463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325839.800463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64923.275362                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64923.275362                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 325514.285787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325514.285787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 325514.285787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325514.285787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              517.871535                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1011566050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1949067.533719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    42.871535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.068704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12870215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12870215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12870215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12870215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12870215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12870215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105008625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105008625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105008625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105008625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105008625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105008625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12870276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12870276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12870276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12870276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12870276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12870276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1721452.868852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1721452.868852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1721452.868852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1721452.868852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1721452.868852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1721452.868852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75789761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75789761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75789761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75789761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75789761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75789761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1722494.568182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1722494.568182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1722494.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1722494.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1722494.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1722494.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                43269                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              167258484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                43525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3842.814107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.437713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.562287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.911866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.088134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8863626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8863626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7462046                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7462046                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19219                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19219                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17967                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17967                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16325672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       16325672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16325672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      16325672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       138460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          973                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          973                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       139433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       139433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       139433                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       139433                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  46491772879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46491772879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     81815417                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81815417                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  46573588296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46573588296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  46573588296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46573588296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      9002086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9002086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7463019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7463019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        19219                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19219                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17967                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17967                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     16465105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16465105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     16465105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16465105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 335777.646100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335777.646100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84085.731757                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84085.731757                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 334021.273988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334021.273988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 334021.273988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334021.273988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9773                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            9773                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        95355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        96164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        96164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        96164                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        96164                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        43105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        43269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        43269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12408885178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12408885178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     10568232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10568232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12419453410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12419453410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12419453410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12419453410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 287875.772602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287875.772602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64440.439024                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64440.439024                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 287028.898519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287028.898519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 287028.898519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287028.898519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              558.507559                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              931085122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1656735.092527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.317861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.189699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.053394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12387939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12387939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12387939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12387939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12387939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12387939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68289002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68289002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68289002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68289002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68289002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68289002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12387990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12387990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12387990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12387990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12387990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12387990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1339000.039216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1339000.039216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1339000.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1339000.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1339000.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1339000.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59757481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59757481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59757481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59757481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59757481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59757481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1707356.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1707356.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1707356.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1707356.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1707356.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1707356.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                55407                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              224789189                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                55663                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4038.395146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   202.775747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    53.224253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.792093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.207907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     18195449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18195449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3507657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3507657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8299                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8299                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8230                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8230                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21703106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       21703106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21703106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      21703106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       195668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          327                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          327                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       195995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       195995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       195995                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       195995                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  87583705619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  87583705619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     28481848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28481848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  87612187467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  87612187467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  87612187467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  87612187467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18391117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18391117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3507984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3507984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8299                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8299                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8230                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8230                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21899101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21899101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21899101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21899101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 447613.843955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447613.843955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 87100.452599                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87100.452599                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 447012.359841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 447012.359841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 447012.359841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 447012.359841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6601                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            6601                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       140334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       140334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       140588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       140588                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140588                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17774763556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17774763556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4795627                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4795627                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17779559183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17779559183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17779559183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17779559183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 321226.796472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321226.796472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 65693.520548                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65693.520548                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 320890.125490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320890.125490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 320890.125490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320890.125490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              518.250799                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1012173876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1950238.682081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    36.250799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.058094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12165784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12165784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12165784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12165784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12165784                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12165784                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     99366842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99366842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     99366842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99366842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     99366842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99366842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12165835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12165835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12165835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12165835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12165835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12165835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1948369.450980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1948369.450980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1948369.450980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1948369.450980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1948369.450980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1948369.450980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69689684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69689684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69689684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69689684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69689684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69689684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1883504.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1883504.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1883504.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1883504.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1883504.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1883504.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                56184                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              172661239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                56440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3059.199841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.817742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.182258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.913351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.086649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8583798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8583798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7258726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7258726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16708                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16708                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15842524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15842524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15842524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15842524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       191810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5624                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5624                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       197434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       197434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       197434                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       197434                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  81452149479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81452149479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3382810658                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3382810658                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  84834960137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84834960137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  84834960137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84834960137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8775608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8775608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7264350                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7264350                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16708                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16708                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16039958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16039958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16039958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16039958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000774                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000774                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 424650.171936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424650.171936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 601495.493954                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 601495.493954                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 429687.693796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429687.693796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 429687.693796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429687.693796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     45839807                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets           101                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 453859.475248                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19873                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           19873                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       135787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       141250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       141250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       141250                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       141250                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        56023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        56184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        56184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19421323355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19421323355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     13051818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13051818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19434375173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19434375173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19434375173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19434375173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 346666.964550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346666.964550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 81067.192547                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81067.192547                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 345905.865958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345905.865958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 345905.865958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345905.865958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              519.020786                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1012198403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1946535.390385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    37.020786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.059328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12190311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12190311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12190311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12190311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12190311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12190311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    105217317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105217317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    105217317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105217317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    105217317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105217317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12190361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12190361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12190361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12190361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12190361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12190361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2104346.340000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2104346.340000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2104346.340000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2104346.340000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2104346.340000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2104346.340000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     80412474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80412474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     80412474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80412474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     80412474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80412474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2116117.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2116117.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2116117.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2116117.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2116117.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2116117.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                56243                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              172692277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                56499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3056.554576                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.822871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.177129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.913371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.086629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8599469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8599469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7274081                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7274081                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17725                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17725                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15873550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15873550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15873550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15873550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       192082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5674                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5674                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       197756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       197756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       197756                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       197756                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  81308163011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81308163011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3441465400                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3441465400                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  84749628411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84749628411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  84749628411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84749628411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8791551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8791551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7279755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7279755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17725                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17725                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16071306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16071306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16071306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16071306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000779                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000779                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 423299.231635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423299.231635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 606532.499119                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 606532.499119                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 428556.546507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 428556.546507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 428556.546507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 428556.546507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     42751161                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets           101                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 423278.821782                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19941                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           19941                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       136001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5512                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5512                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       141513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       141513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       141513                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       141513                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        56081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        56243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        56243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  19209412985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19209412985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     13709578                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13709578                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  19223122563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19223122563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  19223122563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19223122563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 342529.787005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342529.787005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84627.024691                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84627.024691                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 341786.934605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341786.934605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 341786.934605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341786.934605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              519.938410                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1011546828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1941548.614203                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    44.938410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.072017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12850993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12850993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12850993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12850993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12850993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12850993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    116477148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    116477148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    116477148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    116477148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    116477148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    116477148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12851056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12851056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12851056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12851056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12851056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12851056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1848843.619048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1848843.619048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1848843.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1848843.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1848843.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1848843.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85507435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85507435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85507435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     85507435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85507435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     85507435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1858857.282609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1858857.282609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1858857.282609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1858857.282609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1858857.282609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1858857.282609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                43194                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              167235345                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                43450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3848.914730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.434207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.565793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.911852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.088148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8851913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8851913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7450674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7450674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        19192                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19192                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17940                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17940                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16302587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       16302587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16302587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      16302587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       138251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          997                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          997                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       139248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       139248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       139248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       139248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  47038122543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47038122543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     84161691                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     84161691                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  47122284234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  47122284234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  47122284234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  47122284234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8990164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8990164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7451671                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7451671                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        19192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17940                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17940                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16441835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16441835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16441835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16441835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 340237.123370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340237.123370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 84414.935807                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84414.935807                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 338405.465314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338405.465314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 338405.465314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338405.465314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            9762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        95224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          830                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          830                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        96054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        96054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        96054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        96054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        43027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        43194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        43194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12584384127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12584384127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10764366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10764366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12595148493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12595148493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12595148493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12595148493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 292476.447975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292476.447975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64457.281437                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64457.281437                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 291594.862550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291594.862550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 291594.862550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291594.862550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              527.110961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1016319411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1921208.716446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    37.110961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.059473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11861366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11861366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11861366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11861366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11861366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11861366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70804797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70804797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70804797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     70804797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70804797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     70804797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11861421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11861421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11861421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11861421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11861421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11861421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1287359.945455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1287359.945455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1287359.945455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1287359.945455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1287359.945455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1287359.945455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54159470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54159470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54159470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54159470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54159470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54159470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1388704.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1388704.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1388704.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1388704.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1388704.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1388704.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                69992                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              180727782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                70248                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2572.710711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.123706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.876294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.914546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.085454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8220965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8220965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6811298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6811298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19561                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19561                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15893                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15893                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15032263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       15032263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15032263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      15032263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       182328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          906                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          906                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       183234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       183234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       183234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       183234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  79738462353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79738462353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    283448420                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    283448420                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  80021910773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80021910773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  80021910773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80021910773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8403293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8403293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6812204                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6812204                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        19561                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19561                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        15893                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15893                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15215497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15215497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15215497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15215497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 437335.254887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437335.254887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 312856.975717                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 312856.975717                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 436719.772384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436719.772384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 436719.772384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436719.772384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       156149                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       156149                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8091                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8091                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       112465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          777                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          777                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       113242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       113242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       113242                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       113242                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        69863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        69992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        69992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  31523877128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31523877128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     27556181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27556181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  31551433309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31551433309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  31551433309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31551433309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 451224.212072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451224.212072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 213613.806202                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213613.806202                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 450786.279989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450786.279989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 450786.279989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450786.279989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
