
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.101538                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                101537742345                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               627724727109                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 223863                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   283432                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1304426                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67608156                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 77840.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17425698096                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22062620343                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1371904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1803648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1825280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      3630848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      3995648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      3605632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3566336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2409984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2430208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1787776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2399872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2418688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1825024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1830656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1436160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      4012416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             40428928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           78848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11072640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11072640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        10718                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        14091                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        14260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        28366                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        31216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        28169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        27862                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        18828                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        18986                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        13967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        18749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        18896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        14258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        14302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        11220                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        31347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                315851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           86505                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                86505                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        50425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13511271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        51685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     17763326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        50425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     17976370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        47903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     35758605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        46643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     39351358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        49164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     35510264                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     35123255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        45382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     23734859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        47903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     23934036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        51685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     17607010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     23635270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     23820581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        51685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     17973849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        51685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     18029316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     14144100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        50425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     39516498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               398166505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        50425                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        51685                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        50425                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        47903                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        46643                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        49164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47903                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        45382                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        47903                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        51685                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42861                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42861                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        51685                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        51685                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47903                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        50425                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             776539                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         109049500                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              109049500                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         109049500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        50425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13511271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        51685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     17763326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        50425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     17976370                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        47903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     35758605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        46643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     39351358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        49164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     35510264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        47903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     35123255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        45382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     23734859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        47903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     23934036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        51685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     17607010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        42861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     23635270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        42861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     23820581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        51685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     17973849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        51685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     18029316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        47903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     14144100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        50425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     39516498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              507216005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              243495786                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       22062912                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18369597                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2003097                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8462289                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8081345                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2374596                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93068                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191907592                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            121002040                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          22062912                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10455941                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25229168                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5577418                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      6494900                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        11916590                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1915399                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    227187804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      201958636     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1547744      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1953643      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3094166      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1309376      0.58%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1684756      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1948373      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         892876      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12798234      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    227187804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090609                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.496937                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      190774901                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      7735956                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25109245                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        12098                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3555602                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3358403                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          542                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    147927253                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3555602                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      190968582                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        621557                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      6572243                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24927564                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       542252                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    147017906                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        78193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       377716                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    205316134                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    683703209                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    683703209                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171886503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       33429600                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35604                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18556                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1908005                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13772226                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7199176                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81303                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1635128                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143529518                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35735                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       137741170                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127434                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17347863                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35259534                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1344                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227187804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606288                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168823586     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26616111     11.72%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10886772      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6100691      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8266263      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2540607      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2500970      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346897      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105907      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227187804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        939096     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129442     10.87%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122791     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116042822     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883068      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17047      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12620570      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7177663      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    137741170                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.565682                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1191329                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008649                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    503988906                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160913787                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134152528                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    138932499                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102561                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2600292                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           31                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          672                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99840                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           32                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3555602                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        473061                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59553                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143565263                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114404                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13772226                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7199176                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18557                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51978                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          672                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183109                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1128066                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2311175                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135337539                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12416327                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2403630                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19593363                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19142315                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7177036                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.555811                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            134152955                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           134152528                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        80394557                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       215954272                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.550944                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372276                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123223305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20342582                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2020238                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223632202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.551009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171480992     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26431338     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9592893      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4780801      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4374229      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1834472      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1819498      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866318      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451661      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223632202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123223305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18271267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11171934                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             17156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17860911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110941122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2544540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2451661                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          364745726                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290687409                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               2910111                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              16307982                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123223305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.434958                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.434958                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.410685                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.410685                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      608959233                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     187459120                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     136798929                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        34362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              243495786                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       20063010                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16418532                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1960863                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8235376                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7888812                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2071470                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89372                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193177175                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            112227386                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          20063010                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      9960282                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            23418966                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5360123                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      4594132                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11820058                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1962749                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    224564048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      201145082     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1091595      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1733510      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2346179      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2416533      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        2043368      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1140351      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1700537      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       10946893      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    224564048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082396                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.460901                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      191210078                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      6577797                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        23377183                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        25586                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3373403                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3300258                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          372                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    137698002                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2000                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3373403                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      191735717                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1366350                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      4007228                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        22883822                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles      1197525                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    137649684                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       163128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       522210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    192085245                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    640366127                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    640366127                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    166499317                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       25585917                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        34188                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17820                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         3585974                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     12875169                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      6981671                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82265                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1665412                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        137486537                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34311                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       130546181                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17854                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15221816                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36476659                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1301                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224564048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169317574     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22724136     10.12%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11503736      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8679456      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6824042      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2753900      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1737215      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       904665      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       119324      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224564048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24942     11.52%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79442     36.69%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112152     51.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109795944     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1950830      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16365      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11823277      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6959765      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    130546181                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.536133                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216536                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    485890799                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152743204                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128589211                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    130762717                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       264959                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2058625                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          125                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          542                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100464                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3373403                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1093348                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117209                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137520989                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        38624                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12875169                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6981671                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17823                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99075                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           16                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          542                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1141567                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1103108                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2244675                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128745308                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11125498                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1800872                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           18084995                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18292432                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          6959497                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.528737                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            128589427                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           128589211                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        73816438                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       198915527                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.528096                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371094                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97058139                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    119429074                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18091954                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33010                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1985615                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221190645                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172200280     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24282887     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9170823      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4374175      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3684482      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2115051      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1849292      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       836159      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2677496      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221190645                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     97058139                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    119429074                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             17697751                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            10816544                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             16468                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17221754                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       107604261                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2459306                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2677496                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          356033501                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         278415518                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2928461                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              18931738                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          97058139                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           119429074                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     97058139                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.508762                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.508762                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.398603                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.398603                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      579448695                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     179127585                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     127656623                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        32980                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              243495786                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       20049571                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16404055                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1959012                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8301663                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7893068                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2073761                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89258                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193194854                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            112110496                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          20049571                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9966829                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            23403294                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5339424                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      4595579                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11817866                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1960798                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    224548652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613158                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      201145358     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1088088      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1731877      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        2351011      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2414295      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        2044147      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1144093      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1701804      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       10927979      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    224548652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.082341                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.460421                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      191227887                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      6579040                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        23361789                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        25381                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3354554                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3301032                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          371                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    137580531                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1987                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3354554                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      191748485                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       1371932                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      4007150                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        22873447                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles      1193081                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    137535808                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       162621                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       520377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    191929714                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    639814626                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    639814626                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    166547388                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       25382326                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        34193                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17819                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         3570707                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     12874740                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      6980135                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81609                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1659667                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        137382377                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34314                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       130536161                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17889                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15077772                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36016771                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1292                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224548652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581327                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169302209     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22728370     10.12%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11506265      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8674913      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6820301      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2755254      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1736494      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       904684      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120162      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224548652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24954     11.52%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79493     36.70%     48.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112180     51.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109786688     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1947065      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16370      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11828155      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6957883      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    130536161                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.536092                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216627                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    485855490                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152494998                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128576767                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    130752788                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       266327                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2055087                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          129                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          536                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96940                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3354554                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       1100172                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117112                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137416835                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13840                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12874740                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6980135                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17822                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99050                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          536                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1142019                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1099382                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2241401                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128731810                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11129112                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1804351                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 144                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           18086724                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       18295847                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          6957612                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.528682                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            128576993                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           128576767                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        73805574                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       198868248                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.528045                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371128                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97086230                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    119463577                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17953289                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33022                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1983770                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221194098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172189617     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24289586     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9175225      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4372910      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3688384      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2113976      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1849027      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       835751      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2679622      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221194098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     97086230                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    119463577                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             17702848                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10819653                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             16474                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17226705                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       107635373                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2460017                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2679622                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          355930666                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         278188343                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2926644                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              18947134                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          97086230                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           119463577                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     97086230                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.508036                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.508036                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.398718                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.398718                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      579398062                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     179106805                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     127541827                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        32992                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              243495786                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       19713414                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16121313                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1925402                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8363655                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7801469                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2029879                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85513                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191473053                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            111802517                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          19713414                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      9831348                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            23446252                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5568662                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      3353770                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11771216                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1940463                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    221874161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615815                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      198427909     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1272572      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2012456      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3189105      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1333131      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1497108      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1576011      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1032450      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11533419      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    221874161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.080960                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.459156                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      189727329                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      5113357                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        23373383                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        59488                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3600602                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3232579                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          459                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    136550819                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2983                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3600602                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      190007839                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1655998                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      2638036                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        23157773                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       813911                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    136472403                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents        26030                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       235896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       302883                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents        39567                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    189464297                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    634858686                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    634858686                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    161961829                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       27502466                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        34805                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19144                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2451387                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13016441                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      6990392                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       212044                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1588358                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        136283650                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34897                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       129081653                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158854                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17153055                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37998701                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3311                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221874161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167432511     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21854576      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11953895      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8146455      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7609280      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2200137      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1697665      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       581009      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398633      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221874161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30183     12.54%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        93068     38.65%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117531     48.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108133903     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2037403      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15660      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11936871      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6957816      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    129081653                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.530119                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            240782                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001865                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480437103                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153473015                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127015271                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    129322435                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       387743                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2326757                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          324                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1443                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       194867                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8047                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3600602                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1105246                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116542                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136318684                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49708                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13016441                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6990392                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19121                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86213                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1443                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1127053                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1094710                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2221763                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127253653                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11226528                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1828000                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 137                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18182763                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17907766                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          6956235                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.522611                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            127016257                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           127015271                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        74267241                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       194001715                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.521632                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.382817                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95135742                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    116612259                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19706632                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31586                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1966174                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218273559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534248                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    170925633     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22930508     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8927879      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4810992      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3603832      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2011791      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1237285      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1110088      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2715551      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218273559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     95135742                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    116612259                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             17485208                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            10689683                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             15758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         16739173                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       105076403                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2368972                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2715551                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          351876262                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         276238583                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3087785                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              21621625                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          95135742                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           116612259                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     95135742                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.559456                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.559456                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.390708                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.390708                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      573880300                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     176070207                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     127356198                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        31558                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              243495596                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       18934588                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17085021                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       991297                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7141033                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6769807                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047477                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43945                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200752124                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            119127746                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          18934588                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      7817284                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            23555336                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       3111775                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      4811725                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11521400                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       996243                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    231214929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932260                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      207659593     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         839873      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1717173      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         723840      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        3917164      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3483001      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         677570      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1414112      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       10782603      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    231214929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077762                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.489240                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      199622246                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      5953849                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        23468627                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        74957                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      2095245                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1662601                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          499                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    139688660                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2739                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      2095245                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      199825529                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       4292925                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1023559                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23354265                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       623401                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    139615544                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       266460                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       225413                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3785                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    163907780                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    657623887                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    657623887                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    145493063                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       18414643                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        16210                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8183                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1571036                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     32948348                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores     16670123                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152493                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       809873                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        139346556                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16260                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       134016179                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69491                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10677700                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25588217                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           83                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231214929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183619696     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14238013      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11695904      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5056545      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6413000      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6212202      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3527570      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277699      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       174300      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231214929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        339429     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2644965     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76585      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84061427     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1170884      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8026      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32142390     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16633452     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    134016179                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.550384                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3060979                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502377757                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150043911                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132877005                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    137077158                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       240799                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1257086                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          546                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3402                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99844                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11866                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      2095245                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       3939949                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       177264                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139362895                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1355                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32948348                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16670123                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       120778                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           83                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3402                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       577458                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583991                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1161449                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133081961                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32032847                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       934218                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  79                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           48665026                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       17436069                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores         16632179                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.546548                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            132881221                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           132877005                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        71755033                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       141352446                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.545706                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507632                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107990892                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    126907345                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12469143                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16177                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1013059                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229119684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553891                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377664                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183121460     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16769885      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7873136      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7788190      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2117664      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9064086      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676494      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       493584      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1215185      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229119684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    107990892                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    126907345                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             48261516                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            31691250                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              8076                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         16758957                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       112851081                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1229286                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1215185                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          367280662                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         280848517                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4402028                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              12280667                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         107990892                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           126907345                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    107990892                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.254779                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.254779                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.443502                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.443502                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      657946276                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     154297847                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     166365601                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        16152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              243495786                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19718268                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16125065                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1925001                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8364647                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7805238                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2031404                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85524                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191519623                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            111831494                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19718268                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9836642                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            23453488                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5565991                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      3366459                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11773376                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1940131                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    221938358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      198484870     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1272504      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2013045      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3190437      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1333177      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1498896      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1578041      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1030983      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11536405      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    221938358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.080980                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.459275                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      189777311                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      5122631                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        23381004                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        59105                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3598305                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3233641                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          458                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    136591054                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2975                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3598305                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      190057407                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1649067                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      2653872                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        23165431                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       814274                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    136513010                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents        26139                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       235706                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       302529                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents        40853                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    189514051                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    635061590                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    635061590                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    162038790                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       27475242                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        34867                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2449727                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     13020359                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      6994444                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211862                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1589544                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        136324993                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34962                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       129128314                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158754                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17143666                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37977504                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3360                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221938358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581821                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167480023     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21863660      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11954316      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8145087      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7614553      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2200984      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1699374      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       581503      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398858      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221938358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30118     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        92708     38.54%     51.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117742     48.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108172023     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2038216      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15667      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11941461      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6960947      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    129128314                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.530310                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            240568                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480594308                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153505022                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127062702                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    129368882                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       388041                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2325613                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          316                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1427                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       195702                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8043                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3598305                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1100676                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       115746                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136360093                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50677                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13020359                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6994444                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19176                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        85376                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1427                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1127776                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1094481                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2222257                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127300221                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11230087                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1828093                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18189452                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17913351                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          6959365                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.522803                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            127063727                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           127062702                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        74290943                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       194088770                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.521827                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382768                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95181006                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    116667677                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19692596                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31602                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1965809                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218340053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    170977093     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22935482     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8930867      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4810352      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3607199      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2012381      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1237071      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1110586      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2719022      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218340053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     95181006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    116667677                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             17493488                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10694746                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             15766                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         16747113                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       105126331                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2370089                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2719022                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          351980667                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         276319057                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3088631                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              21557428                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          95181006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           116667677                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     95181006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.558239                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.558239                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.390894                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.390894                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      574095664                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     176132943                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     127391613                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        31574                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              243495636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19723441                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16129783                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1926143                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8365691                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7806586                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2031476                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85809                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191573876                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            111860885                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19723441                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9838062                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            23459453                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5569406                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      3359690                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11777183                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1941030                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    221994012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      198534559     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1273980      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2014395      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3190988      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1333021      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1497802      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1577038      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1031817      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11540412      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    221994012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081001                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.459396                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      189827853                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      5119983                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        23386387                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        59273                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3600514                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3233909                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          455                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    136618991                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2970                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3600514                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      190108867                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1651177                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      2650076                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        23169857                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       813519                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    136540149                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        24709                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       235410                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       303069                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        39405                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    189554989                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    635189377                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    635189377                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    162071820                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       27482955                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        34910                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19238                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2454346                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     13023451                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6996272                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       212027                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1590598                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        136351613                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35008                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       129152071                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158785                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17149113                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37992653                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3401                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221994012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581782                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167520382     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21871098      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11959878      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8148798      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7614007      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2199810      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1699556      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       581455      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       399028      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221994012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30182     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        93145     38.63%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117793     48.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108191363     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2039125      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15670      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11943381      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6962532      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    129152071                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530408                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            241120                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480698059                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153537141                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127084921                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    129393191                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       387852                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2326465                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          302                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1430                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       196119                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8067                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3600514                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1103703                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117114                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136386753                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52171                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13023451                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6996272                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19219                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86549                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           37                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1430                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1127725                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1095279                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2223004                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127323569                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11233579                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1828502                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 132                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           18194457                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17917305                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6960878                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.522899                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            127085903                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           127084921                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        74309200                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       194117014                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.521919                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382806                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95200437                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    116691568                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19695191                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31607                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1967016                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218393498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534318                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171017093     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22943370     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8932635      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4813219      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3607402      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2013112      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1237111      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1111011      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2718545      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218393498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     95200437                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    116691568                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             17497111                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            10696965                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             15768                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         16750560                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       105147879                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2370590                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2718545                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          352061075                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         276374422                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3089594                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              21501624                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          95200437                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           116691568                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     95200437                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.557716                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.557716                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390974                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390974                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      574199860                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     176166018                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     127424372                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        31580                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              243495786                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       19786027                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16224558                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1939508                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8301838                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7738511                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2034216                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87531                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189050845                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            112429505                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          19786027                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      9772727                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            24741628                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5488013                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      6223629                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11642638                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1924336                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    223534526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      198792898     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        2684383      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        3107807      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        1709274      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1957383      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1085578      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         735240      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1914528      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11547435      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    223534526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081258                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461731                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      187516174                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      7787099                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        24534657                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles       196311                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3500283                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3212193                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        18141                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    137257330                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        89609                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3500283                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      187815632                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       2768347                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      4180363                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        24443804                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       826095                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    137174371                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       211069                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       384811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    190673783                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    638681530                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    638681530                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    163056943                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       27616834                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        36120                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20204                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2206397                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13097456                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7137288                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       187422                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1580669                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        136979396                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36209                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       129563195                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       180357                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16930053                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39000456                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4180                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    223534526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579612                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168931759     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21966830      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11809642      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8163979      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7132476      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3646878      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       887376      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       568094      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       427492      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    223534526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34643     12.36%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       119583     42.68%     55.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125951     44.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108453040     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2024150      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15880      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11983282      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7086843      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    129563195                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.532096                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            280177                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002162                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    483121448                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153946892                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127411350                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    129843372                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       328245                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2292980                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          771                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1236                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       146604                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7940                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3500283                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2297885                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       141161                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137015721                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48906                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13097456                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7137288                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20216                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99883                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1236                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1127296                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1084582                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2211878                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127649663                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11255466                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1913530                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 116                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           18340666                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       17868557                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7085200                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.524238                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            127413463                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           127411350                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        75732024                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       198297461                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.523259                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381911                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95751823                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    117475965                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19540997                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32029                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1950648                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    220034243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352933                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172047822     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22250327     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9324780      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5607369      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3877304      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2508019      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1298468      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1047380      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2072774      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    220034243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     95751823                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    117475965                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             17795154                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            10804472                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             15980                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         16812785                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       105909378                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2390073                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2072774                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          354977781                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         277534288                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2894931                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              19961260                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          95751823                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           117475965                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     95751823                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.542989                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.542989                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393238                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393238                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      575847374                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     176847041                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     128108247                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        31998                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              243495786                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19794054                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16229973                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1939697                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8298927                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7738266                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2034756                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87807                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189000770                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            112442091                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19794054                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9773022                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24738894                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5492486                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      6192785                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11640546                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1923947                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    223455125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615317                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      198716231     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        2682611      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        3100269      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        1706920      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1961644      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1089288      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         734580      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1917284      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11546298      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    223455125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081291                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461782                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      187468443                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      7754225                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24533756                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles       194165                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3504534                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3214721                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        18143                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    137273186                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        89792                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3504534                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      187766017                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2814191                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      4105403                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        24442333                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       822645                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    137188471                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       211190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       383583                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents            3                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    190674285                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    638722915                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    638722915                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    163007808                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       27666472                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        36338                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20424                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2200712                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13104690                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7138580                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       187749                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1582982                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        136992803                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36407                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       129558691                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       182872                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16978358                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39101374                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4384                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    223455125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579797                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269286                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168860906     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21957044      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11811268      5.29%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8160278      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7133453      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3651727      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       883998      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       569766      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       426685      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    223455125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34934     12.46%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       119975     42.78%     55.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125540     44.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108445384     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2023458      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15875      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11986719      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7087255      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    129558691                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.532078                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            280449                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002165                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    483035828                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154008804                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127402220                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    129839140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       328297                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2303475                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          805                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1239                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       150019                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7937                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3504534                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       2338674                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       142478                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137029328                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        47987                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13104690                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7138580                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20410                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101664                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1239                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1125940                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1086829                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2212769                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127643524                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11255868                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1915167                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 118                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           18341464                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       17868566                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7085596                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.524212                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            127404440                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           127402220                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        75721189                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       198278307                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.523221                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381893                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95722997                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    117440527                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19590245                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32023                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1950873                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219950591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352988                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171978444     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22244768     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9321253      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5605046      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3875734      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2508688      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1297633      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1046259      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2072766      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219950591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     95722997                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    117440527                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             17789776                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10801215                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             15976                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         16807700                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       105877422                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2389341                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2072766                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          354907947                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         277566159                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2896508                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              20040661                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          95722997                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           117440527                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     95722997                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.543754                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.543754                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393120                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393120                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      575801886                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     176828437                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     128119488                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        31994                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              243495786                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20063559                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16416267                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1961023                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8283377                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7893142                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2073510                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89327                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193223956                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            112203984                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20063559                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      9966652                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            23418340                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5353898                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      4594853                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11821893                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1962772                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    224604541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955798                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      201186201     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1090539      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1731731      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        2349821      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        2415590      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        2045520      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1142895      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1701923      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       10940321      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    224604541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.082398                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.460805                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      191258108                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      6577289                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        23376301                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        25839                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3367003                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3302930                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          372                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    137683285                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1987                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3367003                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      191780773                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       1365953                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      4009143                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        22886205                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles      1195461                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    137636940                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       163519                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       521193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    192067524                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    640292836                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    640292836                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    166555140                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       25512384                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        34263                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17892                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         3577466                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     12880101                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      6982480                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82223                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1661968                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        137479046                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       130573181                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17836                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15170653                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36305757                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1360                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224604541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169350793     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22721965     10.12%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11507591      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8684623      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6823120      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2754917      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1736223      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       904710      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120599      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224604541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24550     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79455     36.67%     47.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112698     52.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109817682     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1949382      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16370      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11829458      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6960289      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    130573181                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.536244                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216703                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    485985442                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152684624                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128614969                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    130789884                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       266868                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2059960                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          165                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          545                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98994                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3367003                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1093746                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116730                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137513570                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        24823                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12880101                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6982480                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17892                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98729                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          545                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1141055                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1101239                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2242294                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128771047                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11130889                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1802134                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           18090906                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18298864                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          6960017                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.528843                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            128615183                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           128614969                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        73827617                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       198932828                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.528202                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371118                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97090682                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    119469056                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18044548                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33023                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1985783                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221237538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540004                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172234246     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24286871     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9173553      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4375525      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3687894      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2114451      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1849490      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       836331      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2679177      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221237538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     97090682                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    119469056                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             17703627                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            10820141                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             16474                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17227499                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       107640280                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2460120                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2679177                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          356071289                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         278394270                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2928085                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              18891245                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          97090682                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           119469056                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     97090682                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.507921                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.507921                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.398737                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.398737                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      579570247                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     179159749                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     127638320                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        32994                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              243495786                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       18498029                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16507280                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1469202                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12218018                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12051943                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1110313                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44414                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    195271832                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            105048786                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          18498029                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     13162256                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            23407379                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       4826786                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      2935344                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11811374                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1442021                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    224963865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523220                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765922                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      201556486     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3564204      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1800496      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3523194      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1131858      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3261961      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         515140      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         841405      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        8769121      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    224963865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075969                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.431419                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      192890833                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      5361099                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        23361015                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        18928                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3331986                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1756389                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        17324                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    117519148                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        32846                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3331986                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      193156397                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       3238466                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1307340                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        23116459                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       813213                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    117351369                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        91771                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       651775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    153808033                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    531848401                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    531848401                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    124742096                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       29065932                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        15758                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7970                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1761863                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     21131702                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3444651                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21289                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       786158                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        116738359                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15812                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       109315070                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70853                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21051657                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43098234                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          108                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224963865                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098520                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177012013     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15147715      6.73%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15998649      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9319641      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4795585      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1202434      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1426408      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33184      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28236      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224963865                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183573     57.34%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        74638     23.32%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61915     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85734805     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       857718      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7788      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19299074     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3415685      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    109315070                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.448940                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320126                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    443984984                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137806106                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106550595                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    109635196                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        87062                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4286547                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          284                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        84989                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3331986                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2185501                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       100307                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116754248                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5028                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21131702                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3444651                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7968                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39449                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2171                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          284                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       989998                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       568779                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1558777                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107931605                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19024766                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1383465                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  77                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           22440280                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       16408200                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3415514                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.443259                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            106574894                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           106550595                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        64461764                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       140472533                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.437587                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.458892                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84866698                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     95556973                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21201988                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15704                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1459932                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221631879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302044                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    186051047     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13980296      6.31%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8981540      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2827956      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4689792      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       915110      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       581265      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       531563      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3073310      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221631879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     84866698                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     95556973                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             20204817                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            16845155                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              7836                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         14660795                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        83511708                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1195995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3073310                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          335317218                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         236852545                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4337659                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              18531921                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          84866698                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            95556973                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     84866698                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.869156                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.869156                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.348535                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.348535                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      501667430                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     138838436                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     124798784                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        15688                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              243495786                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       18488737                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16504782                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1469527                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12257232                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12051411                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1109832                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44268                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    195243050                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            105015168                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          18488737                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     13161243                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            23411177                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       4828164                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      2936570                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11810583                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1442429                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    224941162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523134                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      201529985     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3565497      1.59%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1805166      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3529102      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1132510      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3261954      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         515152      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         833962      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        8767834      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    224941162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075930                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.431281                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      192862325                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      5361999                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        23365070                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        18721                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3333043                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1749609                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        17323                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    117488160                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        32758                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3333043                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      193128194                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       3240171                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1307675                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23119583                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       812492                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    117320765                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        90990                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       651320                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    153776627                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    531750635                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    531750635                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    124710224                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       29066403                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        15753                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7969                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1759799                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     21139033                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3443621                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21199                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       784577                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        116716573                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15808                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       109292595                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71108                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21052255                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43126353                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          108                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224941162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098536                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177004333     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15137489      6.73%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15998166      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9314840      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4795022      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1203650      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1426059      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33262      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28341      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224941162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183496     57.31%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        74846     23.38%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61830     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85713943     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       857241      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7785      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19299225     17.66%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3414401      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    109292595                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.448848                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320172                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    443917632                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137784908                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106523324                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    109612767                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        87712                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4295989                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          276                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        85312                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3333043                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2187428                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        99962                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116732463                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15586                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21139033                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3443621                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7966                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39328                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2114                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          276                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       989445                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       568976                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1558421                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107907725                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19025099                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1384870                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  82                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           22439330                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       16402755                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3414231                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.443161                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            106547728                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           106523324                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        64453616                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       140453400                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.437475                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.458897                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84848116                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     95533983                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21203128                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15700                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1460259                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221608119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431094                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302077                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    186040419     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13973559      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8978411      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2826327      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4688921      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       913922      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       581178      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       530797      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3074585      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221608119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     84848116                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     95533983                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             20201353                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            16843044                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              7834                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         14657459                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        83491007                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1195514                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3074585                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          335270333                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         236809903                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4337199                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              18554624                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          84848116                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            95533983                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     84848116                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.869784                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.869784                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.348458                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.348458                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      501566299                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     138802193                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     124761370                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        15684                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              243495786                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20052907                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16406542                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1959036                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8209560                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7881778                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2073819                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89477                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193193031                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            112180270                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20052907                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      9955597                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            23402247                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5347744                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      4593733                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11818490                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1960969                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    224552221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613459                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955900                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      201149974     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1083261      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1725586      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2349545      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2413097      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        2043295      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1145109      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1707830      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10934524      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    224552221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082354                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.460707                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      191228074                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      6575326                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        23360278                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        25707                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3362835                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3301953                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    137649654                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1988                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3362835                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      191746566                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1369254                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      4006405                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        22874273                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles      1192885                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    137606461                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       163056                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       520112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    192035141                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    640164164                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    640164164                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    166539569                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       25495572                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        34147                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17776                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         3569652                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     12866614                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      6983524                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82330                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1666368                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        137457782                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34267                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       130573496                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15135889                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36228958                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1248                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224552221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581484                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169304105     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22719659     10.12%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11496900      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8685178      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6830696      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2756128      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1735593      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       904175      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       119787      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224552221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24928     11.51%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79465     36.69%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112183     51.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109819839     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1950993      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16369      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11824953      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6961342      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    130573496                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.536245                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216576                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    485933607                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152628481                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128618780                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    130790072                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       266976                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2047445                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          545                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100654                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3362835                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1096643                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116873                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137492193                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          166                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12866614                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6983524                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17776                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98815                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          545                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1140701                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1101014                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2241715                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128770999                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11125761                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1802497                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 144                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           18086841                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18297218                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          6961080                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.528843                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            128619002                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           128618780                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        73819995                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       198918652                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.528218                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371106                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97081614                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    119457978                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18034269                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33019                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1983791                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221189386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172187183     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24288794     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9174922      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4372581      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3686231      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2114765      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1850416      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       835600      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2678894      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221189386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     97081614                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    119457978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             17702039                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            10819169                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             16472                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17225933                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       107630296                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2459902                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2678894                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          356002063                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         278347384                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2926408                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              18943565                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          97081614                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           119457978                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     97081614                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.508156                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.508156                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.398699                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.398699                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      579556436                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     179162601                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     127614632                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        32990                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              243495786                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20055439                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16409028                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1958934                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8198656                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7884288                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2072935                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89186                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193159071                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            112192416                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20055439                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9957223                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            23406581                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5354050                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      4608986                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11817088                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1960967                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    224544270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      201137689     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1087261      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1728404      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2346947      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2413400      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        2042452      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1143562      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1705487      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10939068      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    224544270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082365                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460757                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      191193234                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      6591620                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        23364260                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        25896                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3369259                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3302034                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    137658777                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1988                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3369259                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      191713711                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1368210                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      4020785                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        22876114                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1196188                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    137615363                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       163923                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       521114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    192037819                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    640203344                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    640203344                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    166493441                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       25544378                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        34083                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17718                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         3580276                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     12870526                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      6982024                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82454                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1675649                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        137462657                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       130546134                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17798                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15195254                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36373181                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1196                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224544270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272374                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169294985     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22732024     10.12%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11500907      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8677854      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6820264      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2756607      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1737806      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       902777      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       121046      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224544270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24844     11.47%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79436     36.68%     48.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112292     51.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109793785     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1950815      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16364      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11824950      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6960220      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    130546134                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.536133                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216572                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    485870908                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152692650                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128589059                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    130762706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       266047                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2054382                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          141                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          535                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101074                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3369259                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1094930                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116986                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137497005                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7692                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12870526                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6982024                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17719                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99068                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          535                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1140603                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1100775                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2241378                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128744339                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11126415                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1801795                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           18086359                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18292602                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          6959944                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.528733                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            128589259                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           128589059                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        73812139                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       198900063                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.528096                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371102                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97054699                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    119424785                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18072251                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33011                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1983687                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221175011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539956                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388611                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172177721     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24291228     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9169235      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4373352      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3690122      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2115370      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1845081      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       836009      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2676893      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221175011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     97054699                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    119424785                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             17697094                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10816144                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             16468                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17221098                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       107600412                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2459211                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2676893                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          355994478                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         278363394                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2926584                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              18951516                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          97054699                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           119424785                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     97054699                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.508851                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.508851                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.398589                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.398589                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      579446483                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     179118234                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     127623924                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        32982                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              243495786                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       22055579                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18361810                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1999882                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8468086                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8080160                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2373560                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93255                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191819296                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            120966650                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          22055579                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10453720                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            25221821                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5567499                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      6618891                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11909119                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1911665                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    227209473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654365                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029266                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      201987652     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1547628      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1953036      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3094880      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1306877      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1683768      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1949652      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         892527      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12793453      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    227209473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.090579                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.496792                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      190689692                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      7857247                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        25101694                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        11916                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3548922                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3358879                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          543                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    147877219                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2646                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3548922                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      190882816                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        621211                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      6695513                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24920354                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       540653                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    146966308                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        77858                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       377323                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    205243341                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    683458430                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    683458430                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    171866718                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       33376618                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        35581                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18535                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1902219                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13763388                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7199986                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81200                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1633913                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        143481868                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35713                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       137704443                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       128927                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17313302                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35199317                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1326                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227209473                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168858517     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26609528     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10886450      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6099258      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8264940      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2539063      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2498763      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347044      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105910      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227209473                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        940007     78.86%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129219     10.84%     89.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122797     10.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116007873     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883247      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17045      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12617915      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7178363      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    137704443                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.565531                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1192023                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    503939309                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160831541                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134122438                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    138896466                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102474                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2592749                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           40                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          662                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101476                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           14                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3548922                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        472748                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59452                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143517587                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113778                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13763388                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7199986                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18536                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51955                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           57                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          662                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183041                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1125408                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2308449                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135306753                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12413527                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2397690                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19591365                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       19139718                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7177838                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.555684                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            134122784                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           134122438                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        80373048                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       215886289                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.550820                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372293                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99988469                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    123209081                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20309033                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34387                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2017009                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223660551                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171516553     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26426310     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9591416      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4781706      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4373126      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1835736      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1818155      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865685      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451864      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223660551                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     99988469                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    123209081                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18269146                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11170636                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             17154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17858845                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       110928315                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2544244                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2451864                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          364726099                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         290585175                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2906010                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              16286313                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          99988469                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           123209081                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     99988469                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.435239                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.435239                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.410637                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.410637                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      608820589                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     187407447                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     136762448                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        34358                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              243495786                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       18917292                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17070528                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       993343                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7411623                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6777587                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047257                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44139                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200676439                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            119000097                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          18917292                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      7824844                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            23543837                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       3109405                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      4809547                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11519583                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       998551                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    231120990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      207577153     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         846133      0.37%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1715335      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         726004      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        3920243      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3482048      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         679744      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1406030      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10768300      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    231120990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077690                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.488715                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      199561262                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      5936895                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        23457324                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        74841                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      2090663                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1659674                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          504                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    139547787                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2762                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      2090663                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      199757951                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       4284383                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1027215                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        23349365                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       611408                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    139475286                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       266011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       219282                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5086                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    163733137                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    656974345                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    656974345                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    145385366                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       18347759                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        16204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1532634                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     32929243                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores     16658264                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       151653                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       805645                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        139205833                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16253                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       133923224                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69672                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10625517                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25357466                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           88                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231120990                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376797                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183541668     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14243167      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11694189      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5055296      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6403813      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6212400      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3518548      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       278021      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173888      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231120990                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338930     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2643187     86.41%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76634      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84002292     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1168772      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8020      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32122384     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16621756     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    133923224                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.550002                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3058751                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502095861                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149851045                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132781911                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    136981975                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241106                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1261260                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          530                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3450                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100167                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11861                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      2090663                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       3931033                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       176404                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139222163                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32929243                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16658264                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8183                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       119964                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          101                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3450                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       583007                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       582255                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1165262                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132986706                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32013132                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       936518                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  77                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           48633418                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       17424334                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores         16620286                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.546156                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            132786154                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           132781911                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        71712653                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       141257074                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.545315                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.507675                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107911208                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    126813634                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12421933                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1015233                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229030327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183061367     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16759835      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7871578      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7781266      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2116764      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9056778      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676408      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       493197      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1213134      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229030327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    107911208                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    126813634                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             48226073                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            31667976                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              8070                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         16746576                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       112767734                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1228368                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      1213134                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          367052435                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         280562024                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4402833                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              12374796                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         107911208                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           126813634                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    107911208                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.256446                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.256446                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.443175                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.443175                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      657493510                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     154178251                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     166207451                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        16140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         316014                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.816911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1856540                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         348761                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.323244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           219.027758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.563888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1030.373545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.569586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1279.430272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     3.349087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1289.547607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     3.283766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  2134.352758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     3.253927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  2720.449887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.322998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  2094.758903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.773722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  2112.781538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.786633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1721.196069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.875124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1738.185210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.136230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1260.998831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.904112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1663.329243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.958498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1633.861250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.090128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1261.871980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.106847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1264.737927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.224321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1011.710434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     3.053192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  2714.479994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           280.578441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           296.127011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           283.109117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           384.122260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           382.081857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           407.761559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           427.349944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           410.982769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           396.521040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           316.249714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           372.138184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           386.406410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           295.587390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           288.295520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           251.846310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           381.314117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.031445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.039045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.039354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.065135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.083022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.063927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.064477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.052527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.053045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.038483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.050761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.049861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.038509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.038597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.030875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.082839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.008563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.009037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.008640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.011722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.011660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.012444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.013042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.012542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.012101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.009651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.011357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.011792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.009021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.008798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.007686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.011637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        25484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        25328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        40879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        46846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        41022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        25628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        25333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        25280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        23926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        46618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  530059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           160663                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                160663                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          204                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2096                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        25630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        25472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        41008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        46920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        41150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        25776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        25480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        25419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        24129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        46688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   532155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24642                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        25630                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        25472                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        41008                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        46920                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        41150                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41545                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34918                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34724                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        25776                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34375                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34251                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        25480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        25419                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        24129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        46688                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  532155                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14091                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        31216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18821                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        13967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        31342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                315833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  20                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        31217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        13967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        31347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 315853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10718                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14091                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14260                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28366                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        31217                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28169                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27863                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18828                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18986                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        13967                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18749                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18896                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14258                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14302                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11220                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        31347                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                315853                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6090660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1755537946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6392829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2295714501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6494406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2320887328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5775261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4649107165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5619687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5078181149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5961236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4616397705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5755038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4557752340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5634263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3096792294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5812368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3121324817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6339527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2273162249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5067555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3044418668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5112573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3064219803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6488964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2322595150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6511784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2329981943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5752053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1841562055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6224860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5096455565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51559123742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       135946                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       131092                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       992071                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       939072                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       766338                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       2964519                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6090660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1755537946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6392829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2295714501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6494406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2320887328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5775261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4649107165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5619687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5078317095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5961236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4616397705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5755038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4557883432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5634263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3097784365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5812368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3122263889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6339527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2273162249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5067555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3044418668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5112573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3064219803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6488964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2322595150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6511784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2329981943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5752053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1841562055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6224860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5097221903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      51562088261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6090660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1755537946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6392829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2295714501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6494406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2320887328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5775261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4649107165                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5619687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5078317095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5961236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4616397705                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5755038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4557883432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5634263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3097784365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5812368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3122263889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6339527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2273162249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5067555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3044418668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5112573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3064219803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6488964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2322595150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6511784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2329981943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5752053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1841562055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6224860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5097221903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     51562088261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        39575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        39588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        69245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        78062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        69191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        69280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        53590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        53554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        39595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        53056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        53077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        39591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        39582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        77960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              845892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       160663                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            160663                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          204                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          144                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2116                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        39721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        39732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        69374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        78137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        69319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        69408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        53746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        53710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        39743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        53124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        53147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        39738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        39721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        78035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               848008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        39721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        39732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        69374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        78137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        69319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        69408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        53746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        53710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        39743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        53124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        53147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        39738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        39721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        78035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              848008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.304870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.356058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.409647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.399887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.407119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.402165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.351204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.354409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.352747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.353381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.356011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.361326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.319240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.402027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.373373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.013333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.007812                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.044872                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.066667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.009452                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.303111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.354749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.408885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.399516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.406368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.401438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.350314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.351433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.352929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.355542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.360061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.317406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.401704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.372465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.303111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.354749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.408885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.399516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.406368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.401438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.350314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.351433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.352929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.355542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.360061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.317406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.401704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.372465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152266.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163793.426572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155922.658537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162920.623164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162360.150000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162755.072090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151980.552632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163897.171438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151883.432432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162678.791293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152852.205128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 163882.200469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151448.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163583.100280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156507.305556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164539.200574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152957.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164453.362329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154622.609756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162752.362641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149045.735294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162377.655768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150369.794118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162162.351979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158267.414634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162897.682003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       158824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162913.015173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151369.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164132.090463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155621.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162607.860539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163248.057492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       135946                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       131092                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 141724.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       156512                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 153267.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148225.950000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152266.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163793.426572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155922.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162920.623164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162360.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162755.072090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151980.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163897.171438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151883.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162677.934939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152852.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 163882.200469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151448.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163581.934178                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156507.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164530.718345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152957.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164450.852681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154622.609756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162752.362641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149045.735294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162377.655768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150369.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162162.351979                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158267.414634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162897.682003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       158824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162913.015173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151369.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164132.090463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155621.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162606.370721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163247.106284                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152266.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163793.426572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155922.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162920.623164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162360.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162755.072090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151980.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163897.171438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151883.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162677.934939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152852.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 163882.200469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151448.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163581.934178                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156507.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164530.718345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152957.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164450.852681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154622.609756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162752.362641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149045.735294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162377.655768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150369.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162162.351979                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158267.414634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162897.682003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       158824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162913.015173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151369.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164132.090463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155621.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162606.370721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163247.106284                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                86505                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     86505                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        31216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        13967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        31342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           315833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             20                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        31217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        13967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        31347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            315853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        31217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        13967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        31347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           315853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3764488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1131397343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4011053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1475181717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4170125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1490523562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3560702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2997357867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3464850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3261272015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3693243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2976159592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3541872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2935445240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3537991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2000545695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3603081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2015912142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3954052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1459900705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3090382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1952238347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3134410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1963561563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4108694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1492373963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4131962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1497192836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3540170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1188218387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3899077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3272111529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33168598655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        78020                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        73167                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       585539                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       589581                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       475871                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1802178                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3764488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1131397343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4011053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1475181717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4170125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1490523562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3560702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2997357867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3464850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3261350035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3693243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2976159592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3541872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2935518407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3537991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2001131234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3603081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2016501723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3954052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1459900705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3090382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1952238347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3134410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1963561563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4108694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1492373963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4131962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1497192836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3540170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1188218387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3899077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3272587400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33170400833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3764488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1131397343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4011053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1475181717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4170125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1490523562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3560702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2997357867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3464850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3261350035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3693243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2976159592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3541872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2935518407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3537991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2001131234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3603081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2016501723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3954052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1459900705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3090382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1952238347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3134410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1963561563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4108694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1492373963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4131962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1497192836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3540170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1188218387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3899077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3272587400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33170400833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.304870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.356058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.409647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.399887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.407119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.402165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.351204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.354409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.352747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.353381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.356011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.361326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.319240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.402027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.373373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.013333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.007812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.044872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.066667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.303111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.354749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.408885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.399516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.406368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.401438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.350314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.351433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.352929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.355542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.360061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.317406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.401704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.372465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.303111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.354749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.408885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.399516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.406368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.401438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.350314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.351433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.352929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.355542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.360061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.317406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.401704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.372465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94112.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105560.491043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97830.560976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104689.639983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 104253.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104524.793969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93702.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105667.273038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93644.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104474.372597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94698.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105653.718343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93207.157895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105356.587467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98277.527778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106293.273205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94817.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106212.441623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96440.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104525.002148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90893.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104124.931836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92188.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103914.138601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 100212.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104669.235727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100779.560976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104684.158579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93162.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105901.817023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97476.925000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104400.214696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105019.420564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        78020                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        73167                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 83648.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98263.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 95174.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90108.900000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94112.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105560.491043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97830.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104689.639983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 104253.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104524.793969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93702.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105667.273038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93644.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104473.525163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94698.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105653.718343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93207.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105355.432186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98277.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106284.854153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94817.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106209.929580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96440.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104525.002148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90893.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104124.931836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92188.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103914.138601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 100212.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104669.235727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100779.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104684.158579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93162.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105901.817023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97476.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104398.743101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105018.476421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94112.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105560.491043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97830.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104689.639983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 104253.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104524.793969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93702.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105667.273038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93644.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104473.525163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94698.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105653.718343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93207.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105355.432186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98277.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106284.854153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94817.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106209.929580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96440.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104525.002148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90893.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104124.931836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92188.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103914.138601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 100212.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104669.235727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100779.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104684.158579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93162.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105901.817023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97476.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104398.743101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105018.476421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              496.442951                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1011924634                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2036065.661972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    41.442951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.066415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11916534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11916534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11916534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       11916534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11916534                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      11916534                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8621599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8621599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8621599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8621599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8621599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8621599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11916590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11916590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11916590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     11916590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11916590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     11916590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153957.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153957.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153957.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153957.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153957.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153957.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6692712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6692712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6692712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6692712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6692712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6692712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159350.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159350.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159350.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159350.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159350.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159350.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                35360                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              163371495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                35616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4587.025354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.477101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.522899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.912020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.087980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      9507023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9507023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7062617                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062617                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18279                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18279                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16569640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       16569640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16569640                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      16569640                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        90810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        92812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        92812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        92812                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        92812                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9858756976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9858756976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    131680615                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    131680615                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9990437591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9990437591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9990437591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9990437591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      9597833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9597833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18279                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18279                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16662452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16662452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16662452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16662452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000283                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108564.662218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108564.662218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 65774.532967                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65774.532967                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107641.658309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107641.658309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107641.658309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107641.658309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        85115                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 28371.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        55654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1798                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1798                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3496045396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3496045396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15535031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15535031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3511580427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3511580427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3511580427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3511580427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99443.776198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99443.776198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 76152.112745                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76152.112745                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99309.401216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99309.401216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99309.401216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99309.401216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              518.121658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1008732475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1943607.851638                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    43.121658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.069105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11820004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11820004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11820004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11820004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11820004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11820004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11307960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11307960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11307960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11307960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11307960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11307960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11820058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11820058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11820058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11820058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11820058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11820058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 209406.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 209406.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 209406.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 209406.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 209406.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 209406.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9511336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9511336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9511336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9511336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9511336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9511336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 216166.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 216166.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 216166.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 216166.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 216166.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 216166.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                39721                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              165643480                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                39977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4143.469495                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.549330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.450670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.912302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.087698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8135035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8135035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6848664                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6848664                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        17693                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17693                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16490                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16490                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14983699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       14983699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14983699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      14983699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       127255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          856                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          856                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       128111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       128111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       128111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       128111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15865154758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15865154758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     74564485                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74564485                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15939719243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15939719243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15939719243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15939719243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8262290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8262290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6849520                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6849520                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        17693                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17693                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16490                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16490                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15111810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15111810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15111810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15111810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124672.152434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124672.152434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 87108.043224                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87108.043224                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124421.160111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124421.160111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124421.160111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124421.160111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8360                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            8360                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        87680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        88390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        88390                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88390                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        39575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        39721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        39721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4149530921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4149530921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9824711                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9824711                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4159355632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4159355632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4159355632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4159355632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104852.329021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104852.329021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 67292.541096                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67292.541096                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104714.272853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104714.272853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104714.272853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104714.272853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              517.378027                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1008730284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1947355.760618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    42.378027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.067914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11817813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11817813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11817813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11817813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11817813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11817813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11400916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11400916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11400916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11400916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11400916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11400916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11817866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11817866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11817866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11817866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11817866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11817866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 215111.622642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 215111.622642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 215111.622642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 215111.622642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 215111.622642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 215111.622642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9642427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9642427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9642427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9642427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9642427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9642427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 224242.488372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 224242.488372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 224242.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 224242.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 224242.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 224242.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                39732                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              165647079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                39988                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4142.419701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.550853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.449147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.912308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.087692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8136628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8136628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6850658                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6850658                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17699                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17699                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16496                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16496                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14987286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       14987286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14987286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      14987286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       127179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          840                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          840                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       128019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       128019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       128019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       128019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15901842373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15901842373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     73158199                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73158199                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15975000572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15975000572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15975000572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15975000572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8263807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8263807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6851498                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6851498                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17699                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17699                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16496                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16496                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15115305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15115305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15115305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15115305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 125035.126656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125035.126656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 87093.094048                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87093.094048                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124786.169022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124786.169022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124786.169022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124786.169022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8363                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            8363                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        87591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        88287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        88287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        39588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        39732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        39732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4164699410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4164699410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9776855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9776855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4174476265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4174476265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4174476265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4174476265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105201.056128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105201.056128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 67894.826389                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67894.826389                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105065.847805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105065.847805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105065.847805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105065.847805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              527.884648                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1014438847                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1917653.775047                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    37.884648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.060713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11771166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11771166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11771166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11771166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11771166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11771166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7936233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7936233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7936233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7936233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7936233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7936233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11771216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11771216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11771216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11771216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11771216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11771216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 158724.660000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158724.660000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 158724.660000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158724.660000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 158724.660000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158724.660000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6294361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6294361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6294361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6294361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6294361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6294361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161393.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161393.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161393.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161393.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161393.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161393.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                69374                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              180349559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                69630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              2590.112868                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   234.148009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    21.851991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.914641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.085359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8166571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8166571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      6762863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6762863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18938                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18938                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15779                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15779                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     14929434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       14929434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     14929434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      14929434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       176376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       177158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       177158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       177158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       177158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  21738508210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21738508210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     66686239                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66686239                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  21805194449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21805194449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  21805194449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21805194449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8342947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8342947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      6763645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6763645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        15779                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15779                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15106592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15106592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15106592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15106592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123250.942362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123250.942362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 85276.520460                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85276.520460                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123083.317993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123083.317993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123083.317993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123083.317993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9009                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            9009                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       107131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       107131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       107784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       107784                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107784                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        69245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        69374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        69374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7689102954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7689102954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8587513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8587513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7697690467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7697690467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7697690467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7697690467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111041.995148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111041.995148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 66569.868217                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66569.868217                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110959.299839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110959.299839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110959.299839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110959.299839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              578.203278                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1039236672                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1788703.394148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    36.167202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   542.036076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.057960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.868648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11521351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11521351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11521351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11521351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11521351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11521351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7808382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7808382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7808382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7808382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7808382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7808382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11521400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11521400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11521400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11521400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11521400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11521400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159354.734694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159354.734694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159354.734694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159354.734694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159354.734694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159354.734694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6226466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6226466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6226466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6226466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6226466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6226466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163854.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163854.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163854.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163854.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163854.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163854.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                78136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              447534573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                78392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              5708.931689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.907329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.092671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.437138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.562862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     30229588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30229588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16553632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16553632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8087                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8087                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8076                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8076                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     46783220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       46783220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     46783220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      46783220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       276523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       276523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       276771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       276771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       276771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       276771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  33233685976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33233685976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     21895144                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21895144                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  33255581120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33255581120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  33255581120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33255581120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     30506111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30506111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16553880                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16553880                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8087                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8087                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8076                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8076                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     47059991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47059991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     47059991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47059991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120184.165426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120184.165426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 88286.870968                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88286.870968                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120155.583930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120155.583930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120155.583930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120155.583930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13543                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           13543                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       198461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       198461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       198634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       198634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       198634                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       198634                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        78062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        78137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        78137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8673444067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8673444067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5355868                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5355868                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8678799935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8678799935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8678799935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8678799935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111109.682906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111109.682906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 71411.573333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71411.573333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111071.578574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111071.578574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111071.578574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111071.578574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              528.766382                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1014441006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1914039.633962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    38.766382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.062126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11773325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11773325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11773325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11773325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11773325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11773325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8232620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8232620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8232620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8232620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8232620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8232620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11773376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11773376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11773376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11773376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11773376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11773376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161423.921569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161423.921569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161423.921569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161423.921569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161423.921569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161423.921569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6579811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6579811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6579811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6579811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6579811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6579811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164495.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164495.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164495.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164495.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164495.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164495.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                69319                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              180355162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                69575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              2592.240920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   234.146204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    21.853796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.914634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.085366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8168887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8168887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6766078                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6766078                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19002                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19002                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15787                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15787                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14934965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       14934965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14934965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      14934965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       176069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       176838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       176838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       176838                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       176838                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21562689883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21562689883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     66540366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66540366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21629230249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21629230249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21629230249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21629230249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8344956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8344956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6766847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6766847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        19002                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19002                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        15787                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15787                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15111803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15111803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15111803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15111803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122467.270689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122467.270689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86528.434330                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86528.434330                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122310.986604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122310.986604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122310.986604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122310.986604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       106878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       107519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       107519                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107519                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        69191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        69319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        69319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7660701360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7660701360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8637597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8637597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7669338957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7669338957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7669338957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7669338957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110718.176641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110718.176641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 67481.226562                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67481.226562                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110638.338075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110638.338075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110638.338075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110638.338075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              527.884750                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1014444813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1917665.052930                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.884750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.060713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11777132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11777132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11777132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11777132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11777132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11777132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8487386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8487386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8487386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8487386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8487386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8487386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11777183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11777183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11777183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11777183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11777183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11777183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166419.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166419.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166419.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166419.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166419.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166419.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6696721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6696721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6696721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6696721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6696721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6696721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171710.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171710.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171710.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171710.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171710.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171710.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                69406                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              180359534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                69662                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2589.066263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.103345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.896655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.914466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.085534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8171823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8171823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6767470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6767470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19043                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19043                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15790                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15790                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14939293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       14939293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14939293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      14939293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       176276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          775                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          775                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       177051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       177051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       177051                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       177051                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21535668640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21535668640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     68225686                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68225686                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21603894326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21603894326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21603894326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21603894326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8348099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8348099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6768245                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6768245                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19043                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19043                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        15790                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15790                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15116344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15116344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15116344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15116344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 122170.168599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122170.168599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 88033.143226                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88033.143226                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 122020.741628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122020.741628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 122020.741628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122020.741628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8710                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8710                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       106996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       107643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       107643                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107643                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        69280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        69408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        69408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7629114835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7629114835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8820412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8820412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7637935247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7637935247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7637935247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7637935247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110120.017826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110120.017826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 68909.468750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68909.468750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110044.018658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110044.018658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110044.018658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110044.018658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              517.890351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1009862339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1945784.853565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.890351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.057517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11642594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11642594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11642594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11642594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11642594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11642594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7220036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7220036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7220036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7220036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7220036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7220036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11642638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11642638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11642638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11642638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11642638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11642638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164091.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164091.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164091.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164091.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164091.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164091.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6188311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6188311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6188311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6188311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6188311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6188311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167251.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167251.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167251.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167251.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167251.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167251.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                53746                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              171706209                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                54002                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3179.626847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.595940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.404060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.912484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.087516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8213946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8213946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      6952705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6952705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        15999                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15999                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15166651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       15166651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15166651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      15166651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       184141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3712                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3712                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       187853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       187853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       187853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       187853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  23968259953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23968259953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    469261899                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    469261899                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  24437521852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24437521852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  24437521852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24437521852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8398087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8398087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      6956417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6956417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        15999                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15999                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15354504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15354504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15354504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15354504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000534                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000534                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 130162.538234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130162.538234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 126417.537446                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126417.537446                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 130088.536526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130088.536526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 130088.536526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130088.536526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18505                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           18505                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       130551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       134107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       134107                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134107                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        53590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        53746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        53746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5630953770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5630953770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11123070                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11123070                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5642076840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5642076840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5642076840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5642076840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105074.711140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105074.711140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 71301.730769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71301.730769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104976.683660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104976.683660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104976.683660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104976.683660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              519.387923                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1009860245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1938311.410749                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    37.387923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.059917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11640500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11640500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11640500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11640500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11640500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11640500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7621514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7621514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7621514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7621514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7621514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7621514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11640546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11640546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11640546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11640546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11640546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11640546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165685.086957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165685.086957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165685.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165685.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165685.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165685.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6482480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6482480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6482480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6482480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6482480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6482480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166217.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166217.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166217.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166217.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166217.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166217.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                53710                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              171705420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                53966                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3181.733314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.607270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.392730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.912528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.087472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8215086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8215086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6950584                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6950584                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17375                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17375                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        15997                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15997                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15165670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15165670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15165670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15165670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       183925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3721                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3721                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       187646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       187646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       187646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       187646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  23961897172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23961897172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    474247693                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    474247693                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  24436144865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24436144865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  24436144865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24436144865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8399011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8399011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6954305                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6954305                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17375                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17375                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        15997                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15997                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15353316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15353316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15353316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15353316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000535                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000535                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 130280.805611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130280.805611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 127451.677775                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127451.677775                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 130224.704310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130224.704310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 130224.704310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130224.704310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18410                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           18410                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       130371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       133936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       133936                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133936                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        53554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        53710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        53710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5642757931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5642757931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11204357                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11204357                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5653962288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5653962288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5653962288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5653962288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105365.760373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105365.760373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 71822.801282                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71822.801282                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105268.335282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105268.335282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105268.335282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105268.335282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              518.199880                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1008734311                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1943611.389210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    43.199880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.069231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11821840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11821840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11821840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11821840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11821840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11821840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10929010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10929010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10929010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10929010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10929010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10929010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11821893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11821893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11821893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11821893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11821893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11821893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 206207.735849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 206207.735849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 206207.735849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 206207.735849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 206207.735849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 206207.735849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9352115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9352115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9352115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9352115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9352115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9352115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 212548.068182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212548.068182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 212548.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212548.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 212548.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212548.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                39743                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              165648267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                39999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4141.310208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.549217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.450783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.912302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.087698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8137491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8137491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      6850919                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6850919                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17762                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17762                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16497                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16497                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14988410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       14988410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14988410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      14988410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       127355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          869                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          869                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       128224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       128224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       128224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       128224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15764090148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15764090148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     75871186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75871186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15839961334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15839961334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15839961334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15839961334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8264846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8264846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      6851788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6851788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17762                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17762                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16497                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16497                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15116634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15116634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15116634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15116634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.015409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123780.692929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123780.692929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 87308.614499                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87308.614499                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123533.514272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123533.514272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123533.514272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123533.514272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            8364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        87760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        88481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        88481                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88481                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        39595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        39743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        39743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4134013069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4134013069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10034965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10034965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4144048034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4144048034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4144048034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4144048034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104407.452178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104407.452178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 67803.817568                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67803.817568                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104271.142943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104271.142943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104271.142943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104271.142943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              558.420853                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              928538777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1652204.229537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    33.301856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.118996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.053368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11811332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11811332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11811332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11811332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11811332                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11811332                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6625711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6625711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6625711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6625711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6625711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6625711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11811374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11811374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11811374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11811374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11811374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11811374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157755.023810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157755.023810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157755.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157755.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157755.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157755.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5533295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5533295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5533295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5533295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5533295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5533295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158094.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158094.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158094.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158094.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158094.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158094.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                53124                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              223410567                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                53380                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4185.286006                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   202.570346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    53.429654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.791290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.208710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17373003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17373003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3343475                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3343475                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7898                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7898                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7844                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7844                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20716478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       20716478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20716478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      20716478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       184071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       184399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       184399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       184399                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       184399                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  20891039784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20891039784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     28819408                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28819408                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  20919859192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20919859192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  20919859192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20919859192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17557074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17557074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3343803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3343803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7898                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7898                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7844                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7844                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20900877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20900877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20900877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20900877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113494.465636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113494.465636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 87864.048780                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87864.048780                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113448.875493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113448.875493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113448.875493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113448.875493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            6248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       131015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       131015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       131275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       131275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       131275                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       131275                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        53056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        53124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        53124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5542785611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5542785611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4510940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4510940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5547296551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5547296551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5547296551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5547296551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104470.476685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104470.476685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 66337.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66337.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104421.665368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104421.665368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104421.665368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104421.665368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              558.875411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              928537983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1652202.816726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.756444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.118967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.054097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11810538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11810538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11810538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11810538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11810538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11810538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6903881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6903881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6903881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6903881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6903881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6903881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11810583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11810583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11810583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11810583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11810583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11810583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153419.577778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153419.577778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153419.577778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153419.577778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153419.577778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153419.577778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5626897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5626897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5626897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5626897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5626897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5626897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160768.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160768.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160768.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160768.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160768.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160768.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                53147                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              223409362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                53403                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4183.460892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   202.562837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    53.437163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.791261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.208739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17373169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17373169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3342114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3342114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7890                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7890                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7842                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7842                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     20715283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       20715283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     20715283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      20715283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       184047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       184388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       184388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       184388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       184388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  20986825613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20986825613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     29425314                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29425314                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21016250927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21016250927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21016250927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21016250927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17557216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17557216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3342455                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3342455                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7890                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7890                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7842                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7842                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     20899671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20899671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     20899671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20899671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 114029.707700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114029.707700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 86291.243402                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86291.243402                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113978.409262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113978.409262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113978.409262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113978.409262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6173                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            6173                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       130970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       131241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       131241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       131241                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       131241                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        53077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        53147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        53147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5554562039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5554562039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4608997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4608997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5559171036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5559171036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5559171036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5559171036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104651.017183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104651.017183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 65842.814286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65842.814286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104599.902836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104599.902836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104599.902836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104599.902836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              518.317209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1008730906                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1943604.828516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    43.317209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.069419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11818435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11818435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11818435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11818435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11818435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11818435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11879010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11879010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11879010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11879010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11879010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11879010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11818490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11818490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11818490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11818490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11818490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11818490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       215982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       215982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       215982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       215982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       215982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       215982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9278790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9278790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9278790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9278790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9278790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9278790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 210881.590909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210881.590909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 210881.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210881.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 210881.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210881.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                39738                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              165642688                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                39994                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4141.688453                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.551217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.448783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.912309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.087691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8132631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8132631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6850311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6850311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17653                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17653                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14982942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       14982942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14982942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      14982942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       127319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          864                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          864                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       128183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       128183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       128183                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       128183                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15867559275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15867559275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     77080638                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77080638                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15944639913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15944639913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15944639913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15944639913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8259950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8259950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6851175                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6851175                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17653                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17653                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16495                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16495                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15111125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15111125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15111125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15111125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 124628.368704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124628.368704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 89213.701389                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89213.701389                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 124389.660977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124389.660977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 124389.660977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124389.660977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8363                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8363                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        87728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        88445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        88445                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88445                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        39591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        39738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        39738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4163544420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4163544420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     10194352                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10194352                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4173738772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4173738772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4173738772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4173738772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105163.911495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105163.911495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 69349.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69349.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105031.425135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105031.425135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105031.425135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105031.425135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              518.160250                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1008729505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1943602.129094                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    43.160250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.069167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11817034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11817034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11817034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11817034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11817034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11817034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12005267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12005267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12005267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12005267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12005267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12005267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11817088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11817088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11817088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11817088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11817088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11817088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 222319.759259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222319.759259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 222319.759259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222319.759259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 222319.759259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222319.759259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9686196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9686196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9686196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9686196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9686196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9686196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 220140.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 220140.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 220140.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 220140.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 220140.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 220140.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                39721                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              165643085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                39977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4143.459614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.550283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.449717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.912306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.087694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8134936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8134936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6848465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6848465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17595                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17595                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16491                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16491                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14983401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       14983401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14983401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      14983401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       127388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          798                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          798                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       128186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       128186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       128186                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       128186                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15907615424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15907615424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     68679595                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68679595                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15976295019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15976295019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15976295019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15976295019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8262324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8262324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6849263                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6849263                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17595                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17595                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16491                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16491                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15111587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15111587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15111587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15111587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124875.305555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124875.305555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 86064.655388                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86064.655388                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124633.696496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124633.696496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124633.696496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124633.696496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8360                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8360                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        87806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          659                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          659                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        88465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        88465                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88465                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        39582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        39721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        39721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4172662447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4172662447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9304627                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9304627                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4181967074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4181967074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4181967074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4181967074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105418.181168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105418.181168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 66939.762590                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66939.762590                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105283.529468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105283.529468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105283.529468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105283.529468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              494.354871                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1011917166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2044277.103030                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    39.354871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.063069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11909066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11909066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11909066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11909066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11909066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11909066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8290365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8290365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8290365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8290365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8290365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8290365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11909119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11909119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11909119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11909119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11909119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11909119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156421.981132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156421.981132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156421.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156421.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156421.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156421.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6440912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6440912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6440912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6440912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6440912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6440912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161022.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161022.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161022.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161022.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161022.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161022.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                35349                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              163368397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                35605                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4588.355484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.474042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.525958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.912008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.087992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      9504808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9504808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7061757                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7061757                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18258                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18258                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16566565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       16566565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16566565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      16566565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        90658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2043                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2043                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        92701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        92701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        92701                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        92701                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9910617882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9910617882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    136039623                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    136039623                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10046657505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10046657505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10046657505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10046657505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      9595466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9595466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7063800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7063800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18258                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18258                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16659266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16659266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16659266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16659266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109318.735048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109318.735048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 66588.165932                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66588.165932                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108377.013247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108377.013247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108377.013247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108377.013247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       117577                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 23515.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7704                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            7704                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        55512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1840                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1840                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        57352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        57352                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57352                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        35146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        35349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        35349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3552359124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3552359124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     15266214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15266214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3567625338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3567625338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3567625338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3567625338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101074.350538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101074.350538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 75203.024631                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75203.024631                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100925.778325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100925.778325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100925.778325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100925.778325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              580.008036                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1039234849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1779511.727740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    38.935725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.072311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.062397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11519528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11519528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11519528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11519528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11519528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11519528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8986078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8986078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8986078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8986078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8986078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8986078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11519583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11519583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11519583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11519583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11519583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11519583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163383.236364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163383.236364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163383.236364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163383.236364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163383.236364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163383.236364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7009543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7009543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7009543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7009543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7009543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7009543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170964.463415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170964.463415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170964.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170964.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170964.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170964.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                78035                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              447503904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                78291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              5715.904817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.906816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.093184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.437136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.562864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     30211087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30211087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16541474                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16541474                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8083                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8083                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8070                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8070                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     46752561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       46752561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     46752561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      46752561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       275956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       275956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          249                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          249                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       276205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       276205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       276205                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       276205                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  33290034872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33290034872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     23230771                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23230771                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  33313265643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33313265643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  33313265643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33313265643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     30487043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30487043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16541723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16541723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8083                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8083                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8070                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8070                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     47028766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47028766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     47028766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47028766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120635.300091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120635.300091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93296.269076                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93296.269076                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120610.653837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120610.653837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120610.653837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120610.653837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           14304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       197996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       197996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       198170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       198170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       198170                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       198170                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        77960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        77960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        78035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        78035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8679742938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8679742938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5804246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5804246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8685547184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8685547184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8685547184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8685547184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111335.850924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111335.850924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 77389.946667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77389.946667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111303.225271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111303.225271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111303.225271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111303.225271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
