
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106163                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106162664325                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               633264727233                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 314015                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   399917                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1917259                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67619592                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 55372.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17387681188                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22144233556                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2685568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2562688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2568704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1472768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1900928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      3878656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      4236288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1456640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      4249216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2477056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2533760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2549632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1478528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      3818112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      3788672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      4214400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             45946880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           75264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10771200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10771200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        20981                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        20021                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        20068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        11506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        14851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        30302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        33096                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        11380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        33197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        19352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        19795                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        19919                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        11551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        29829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        29599                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        32925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                358960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           84150                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                84150                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        43405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     25296728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        40994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     24139259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        44611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     24195926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        40994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13872749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        49434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     17905805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     36535029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     39903746                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        42199                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13720831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        48228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     40025521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        40994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     23332647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        40994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     23866771                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        40994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     24016277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        43405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13927005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     35964734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        48228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     35687424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     39697572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               432796975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        43405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        40994                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        44611                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        40994                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        49434                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45816                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47022                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        42199                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        48228                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        40994                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        40994                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        40994                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        43405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44611                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        48228                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47022                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             708950                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         101459398                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              101459398                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         101459398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        43405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     25296728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        40994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     24139259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        44611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     24195926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        40994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13872749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        49434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     17905805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        45816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     36535029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        47022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     39903746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        42199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13720831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        48228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     40025521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        40994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     23332647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        40994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     23866771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        40994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     24016277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        43405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13927005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        44611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     35964734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        48228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     35687424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        47022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     39697572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              534256373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              254586726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20685297                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16961574                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2022093                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8569985                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8090674                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2122518                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91166                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197387957                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117585352                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20685297                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10213192                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25863660                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5736769                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      6578452                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12157590                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2006750                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    233513369                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966600                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      207649709     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        2800585      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        3240687      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        1782089      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2066888      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1127981      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         767012      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        2005487      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12072931      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    233513369                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081250                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461868                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      195800676                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      8195862                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25657621                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles       194815                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3664389                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3359213                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        18911                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143530198                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        93365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3664389                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      196104715                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2906340                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      4428770                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        25561311                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       847838                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143442905                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       223087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       394641                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           46                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199349107                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    667926084                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    667926084                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170291697                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29057383                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37510                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20896                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2261467                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13675798                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7466000                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197480                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1660113                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143232660                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37578                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135369333                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       184095                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17875618                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41296148                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4129                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233513369                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176470967     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22944828      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12323921      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8536736      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7460819      3.20%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3820415      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       915358      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       593644      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446681      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233513369                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35928     12.34%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       123824     42.54%     54.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131334     45.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113312325     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2119094      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16584      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12509128      9.24%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7412202      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135369333                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.531722                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            291086                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002150                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504727213                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161147126                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133142346                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135660419                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       343267                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2392116                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          858                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1273                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       165329                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8294                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            9                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3664389                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2405740                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       148453                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143270362                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57185                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13675798                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7466000                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20872                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104780                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1273                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172060                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1135794                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2307854                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133386553                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11750903                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1982777                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 124                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19161397                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18665187                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7410494                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.523934                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133144534                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133142346                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        79136371                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       207266919                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.522974                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381809                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000004                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122687897                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20583727                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33449                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2033732                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229848980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533776                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179736768     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23236290     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9734405      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5856039      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4051822      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2618386      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1356407      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093884      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2164979      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229848980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122687897                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18584353                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11283682                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16688                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17558823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110607969                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2496074                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2164979                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          370954949                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290207727                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3019806                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              21073357                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122687897                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.545867                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.545867                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.392793                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.392793                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      601720720                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184787214                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     133971259                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33418                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              254586719                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19315618                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17240771                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1538654                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12897934                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12600425                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1161216                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46782                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204077705                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            109671847                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19315618                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     13761641                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24451576                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5038986                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      3094121                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12344719                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1510384                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    235115052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522725                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      210663476     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3727756      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1879239      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3682047      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1185415      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3412886      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         538811      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         874114      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        9151308      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    235115052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075870                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.430784                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      201580761                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      5637658                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24403562                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        19522                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3473548                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1830846                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        18102                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    122707292                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        34205                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3473548                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      201859394                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       3399912                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1384828                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        24146588                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       850776                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    122530753                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        94962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       682950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    160618060                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    555334738                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    555334738                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    130355734                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       30262326                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        16514                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8371                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1839542                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     22068314                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      3594630                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23483                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       813180                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        121893634                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16575                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       114175940                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73489                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21907760                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44844670                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          147                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235115052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    185013281     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15846387      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16714325      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9719417      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5012294      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1255061      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1490688      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34749      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28850      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235115052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191652     57.31%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78114     23.36%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64676     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89555680     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       897081      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8145      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20150789     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3564245      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    114175940                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.448476                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334442                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463874863                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143818272                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111289077                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    114510382                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90323                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4478878                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          115                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          309                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81881                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3473548                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2293873                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104871                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121910300                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8653                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22068314                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3594630                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8368                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41052                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2382                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          309                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1039615                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       591056                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1630671                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112729877                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19862744                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1446063                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           23426839                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17137808                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          3564095                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.442796                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            111314358                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           111289077                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        67339529                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       146734221                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.437136                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.458922                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88666487                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     99846523                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22068778                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16428                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1528993                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231641504                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194455117     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14617718      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9386053      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2953191      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4899763      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       956871      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       606720      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555169      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3210902      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231641504                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     88666487                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     99846523                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             21102185                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            17589436                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              8196                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15317503                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        87263617                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1250409                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3210902                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          350345578                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         247306840                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4532450                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              19471667                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          88666487                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            99846523                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     88666487                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.871285                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.871285                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.348276                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.348276                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      523951449                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     145035495                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     130288429                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        16414                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              254586726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       20702445                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16977078                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024691                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8635146                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8098157                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2125470                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91062                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197537484                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            117632969                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          20702445                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10223627                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            25878916                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5738189                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      6522145                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12166449                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2009008                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    233620689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966592                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      207741773     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        2803750      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        3235270      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        1784490      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2074208      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1130693      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         768065      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        2006724      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       12075716      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    233620689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081318                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.462055                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      195957125                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      8132834                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        25672478                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles       195045                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3663201                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3360320                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        18943                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    143607539                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        94193                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3663201                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      196260728                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       2958396                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      4315472                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        25576644                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       846242                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    143516373                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       223868                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       392581                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    199444993                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    668246406                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    668246406                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    170442546                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       29002419                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        37695                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21064                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2263458                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     13705048                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7466226                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197285                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1657486                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        143307781                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37787                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       135471891                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       190803                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17840186                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41199519                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4309                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233620689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579880                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176534840     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22964223      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12338050      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8533384      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7465332      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3827784      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       914877      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       595686      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446513      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233620689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35815     12.25%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       125180     42.81%     55.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131442     44.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113393546     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2117896      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16599      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12530419      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7413431      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    135471891                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.532125                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            292437                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002159                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    505047711                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161187031                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133233642                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    135764328                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       343536                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2411371                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          857                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1280                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       159085                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8301                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3663201                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2461472                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       148605                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143345687                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55608                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13705048                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7466226                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21067                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104701                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1280                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1174509                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1135493                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2310002                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133485648                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11768612                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1986243                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           19180237                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       18680477                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7411625                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.524323                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            133235678                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           133233642                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        79193504                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       207419719                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.523333                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381803                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100088533                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    122796622                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20550613                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33478                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2036279                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229957488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533997                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353074                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179799375     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23256303     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9746585      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5862116      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4053826      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2620332      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1357001      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093769      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2168181      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229957488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    100088533                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    122796622                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             18600818                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            11293677                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             16702                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17574412                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       110705988                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2498301                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2168181                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          371135866                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         290357763                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3023325                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              20966037                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         100088533                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           122796622                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    100088533                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.543615                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.543615                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.393141                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.393141                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      602165273                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     184916225                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     134027538                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        33448                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              254586726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       23051397                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19193515                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2094287                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8841986                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8442547                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2479423                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97807                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200609277                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            126447987                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          23051397                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10921970                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            26357712                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5820353                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      6833511                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12455753                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2001947                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    237507563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654165                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      211149851     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1616255      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2045434      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3244957      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1356392      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1748686      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        2039030      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         931777      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       13375181      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    237507563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090544                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.496679                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      199428541                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      8127822                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        26232217                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        12475                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3706506                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3507651                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          557                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    154532985                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2691                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3706506                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      199630556                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        648888                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      6914902                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        26042760                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       563944                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    153581858                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        81627                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       393079                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    214537825                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    714211984                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    714211984                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    179660740                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       34877085                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        37369                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19552                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1980476                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     14358230                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7521999                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85112                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1703461                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        149959895                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37507                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       143931217                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       141540                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18083460                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36681258                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1565                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237507563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176509768     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27828773     11.72%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11375731      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6372175      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8631866      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2656580      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2615526      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1406215      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110929      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237507563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        991730     79.14%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133024     10.62%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128346     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121262146     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1968440      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17817      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13183753      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7499061      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    143931217                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.565352                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1253100                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008706                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526764637                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168081549                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140193737                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    145184317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107445                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2681053                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           62                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          691                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101714                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           16                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3706506                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        493818                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62385                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149997410                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116480                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14358230                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7521999                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19551                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54509                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          691                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1241885                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1174936                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2416821                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141427116                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12972060                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2504101                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           20470657                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       20004088                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7498597                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.555516                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            140194011                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           140193737                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        83997673                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       225599927                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.550672                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372330                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104522946                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    128796804                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21201219                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35942                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2112228                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233801057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371294                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179288897     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27625466     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10030493      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4999830      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4568944      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1920920      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1898656      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904258      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2563593      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233801057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    104522946                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    128796804                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             19097462                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11677177                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             17930                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         18668986                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       115958906                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2659658                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2563593                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          381234759                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         303702572                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3040178                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              17079163                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         104522946                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           128796804                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    104522946                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.435702                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.435702                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.410559                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.410559                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      636383500                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     195908554                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     142955479                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        35912                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              254586726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       20976766                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17165300                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2048430                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8623040                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8250268                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2166939                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93583                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201956159                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            117331105                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          20976766                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10417207                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24488281                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5600304                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      4829785                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12355880                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2050274                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    234799453                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956058                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      210311172     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1144758      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1814901      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2453432      1.04%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2525624      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2135184      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1191639      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1776739      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11446004      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    234799453                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082395                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.460869                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      199901519                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      6901710                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24444378                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        26985                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3524859                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3451542                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          369                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    143961224                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1944                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3524859                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      200452183                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1426861                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      4217792                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23927759                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles      1249997                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    143908990                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       170611                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       544898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    200815952                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    669502102                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    669502102                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    174078817                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       26737135                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        35720                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18605                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         3742184                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13461208                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7300025                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85387                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1785833                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        143730701                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35849                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       136474117                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18626                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15910700                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38143249                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1335                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234799453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177006136     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23802215     10.14%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12036707      5.13%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9064975      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7123798      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2880670      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1815022      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       944551      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125379      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234799453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26100     11.55%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83022     36.75%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116809     51.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114778376     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2039251      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17110      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12362581      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7276799      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    136474117                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.536061                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            225931                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001655                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507992244                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159677804                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134428789                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    136700048                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       275340                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2152386                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          555                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105751                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3524859                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1142221                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122104                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143766696                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56932                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13461208                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7300025                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18610                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103101                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          555                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1192141                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150914                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2343055                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134592431                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11632763                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1881686                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           18909282                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19124813                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7276519                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.528670                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            134429032                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           134428789                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        77170244                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       207943365                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.528027                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371112                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101476633                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    124865816                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18900904                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34514                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2074328                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231274594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388147                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180021804     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25421250     10.99%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9583495      4.14%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4573020      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3872364      1.67%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2212339      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1919667      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       875877      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2794778      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231274594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    101476633                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    124865816                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             18503096                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11308822                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             17218                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         18005916                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       112502536                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2571253                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2794778                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          372245834                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         291058360                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3059924                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              19787273                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         101476633                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           124865816                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    101476633                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.508821                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.508821                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.398594                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.398594                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      605772560                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     187257465                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     133463244                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        34484                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              254586726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       20599430                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16845537                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2013284                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8674064                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8144355                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2121726                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89639                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200111493                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            116837447                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          20599430                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10266081                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24500707                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5826564                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      3515959                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12302826                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2028903                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    231897265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615705                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      207396558     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1331430      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2104369      0.91%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3344071      1.44%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1382637      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1554342      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1644553      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1076088      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       12063217      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    231897265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.080913                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.458930                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      198268824                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      5373027                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24424924                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        61846                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3768643                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3378181                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          464                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    142694510                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         3021                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3768643                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      198572200                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1731449                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      2764837                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24189056                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       871067                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    142612938                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents        27075                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       244831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       327538                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents        42708                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    198003866                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    663409128                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    663409128                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    169262352                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       28741514                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        36326                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19959                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2620080                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     13599713                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7305970                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220575                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1657843                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        142413377                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36429                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       134902581                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       165951                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17910338                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39623816                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3422                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231897265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581734                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273397                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175002827     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22836027      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12504008      5.39%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8505879      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7949371      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2290117      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1786796      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       605864      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       416376      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231897265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31480     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        98052     38.86%     51.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122767     48.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113012163     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2129421      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16366      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12473292      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7271339      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    134902581                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.529889                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252299                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502120677                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160361640                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132730785                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    135154880                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       407586                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2428342                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          363                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1519                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       204285                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8424                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3768643                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1153833                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121253                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    142449944                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58055                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13599713                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7305970                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19942                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89436                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1519                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1179534                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1144724                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2324258                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132980606                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11732410                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1921975                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           19002016                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18715804                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7269606                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.522339                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            132731858                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           132730785                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        77609569                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       202733134                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.521358                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382816                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99423656                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    121867937                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20582243                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33007                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2055971                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228128622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178648489     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23963123     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9331546      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5024239      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3766364      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2102450      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1294575      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1158839      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2838997      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228128622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     99423656                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    121867937                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             18273056                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11171371                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             16468                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17493594                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       109812133                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2475701                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2838997                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          367739142                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         288669198                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3228727                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              22689461                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          99423656                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           121867937                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     99423656                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.560625                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.560625                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.390530                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.390530                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      599704800                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     183994591                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     133091152                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        32976                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              254586726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19796822                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17863009                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1034712                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7526607                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7085185                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1095302                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45865                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209830079                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            124523792                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19796822                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      8180487                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24631876                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       3249188                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      5091291                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12041830                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1039794                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    241741873                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931973                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      217109997     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         883324      0.37%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1799576      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         755697      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        4098947      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3641670      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         707801      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1471386      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11273475      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    241741873                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077761                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.489121                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      208658798                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      6275410                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24541414                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        78129                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      2188117                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1738397                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          510                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    146018726                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2808                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      2188117                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      208866244                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       4549348                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1072202                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        24427009                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       638946                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    145942310                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           80                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       277492                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       230421                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3268                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    171319564                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    687423650                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    687423650                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    152105872                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       19213662                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        16953                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8559                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1609525                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     34446769                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores     17427534                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       158770                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       842455                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        145659154                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17004                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       140093810                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73787                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11148585                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26729280                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           90                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241741873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191985193     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14882703      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12229443      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5288052      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6703373      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6499355      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3680491      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       291252      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182011      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241741873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354498     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2764813     86.41%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80167      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     87867491     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1224083      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8392      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33604523     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17389321     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    140093810                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.550279                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3199478                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022838                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    525202756                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156828308                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138900089                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    143293288                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       251584                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1315804                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          565                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3572                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104244                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12411                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      2188117                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       4180253                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185921                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145676239                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1469                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34446769                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17427534                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8560                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126867                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           82                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3572                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       603177                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       610258                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1213435                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139116402                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33489843                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       977406                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           50877746                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       18228394                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores         17387903                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.546440                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            138904498                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           138900089                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        75012106                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       147753427                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.545590                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.507684                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112898619                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    132674913                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13016578                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16914                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1057467                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    239553756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377611                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191462033     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17535584      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8231625      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8143070      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2213476      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9473427      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       707379      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       515740      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1271422      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    239553756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    112898619                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    132674913                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             50454249                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            33130963                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              8444                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         17520321                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       117980176                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1285184                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      1271422                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          383973487                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         293571309                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4599802                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              12844853                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         112898619                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           132674913                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    112898619                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.255003                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.255003                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.443458                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.443458                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      687780822                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     161274723                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     173907486                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        16888                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              254586726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       23042014                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19188352                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2096495                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8984569                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8443855                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2480406                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97535                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200629676                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            126418499                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          23042014                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10924261                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            26357562                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5825577                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      6925319                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12457179                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2004080                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    237622690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028365                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      211265128     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1615952      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2048009      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3249613      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1355093      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1747057      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        2041104      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         929901      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       13370833      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    237622690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090508                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.496564                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      199452183                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      8216007                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        26232563                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        12288                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3709647                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3503318                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          486                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    154504643                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2534                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3709647                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      199653997                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        645705                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      7009277                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        26043264                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       560793                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    153552803                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        81060                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       390984                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    214507851                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    714111380                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    714111380                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    179610735                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       34897115                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        37645                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19833                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1974280                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     14362390                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7515311                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84370                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1695852                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        149930839                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37780                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       143890662                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142280                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18108768                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36770301                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1850                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237622690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176645070     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27823712     11.71%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11364450      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6368183      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8634425      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2653386      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2615635      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1407571      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110258      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237622690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        992677     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       132954     10.60%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128277     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121228140     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1967237      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17812      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13185408      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7492065      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    143890662                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.565193                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1253908                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008714                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526800202                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168078072                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140151797                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    145144570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106381                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2688452                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          688                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        97096                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           33                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3709647                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        492131                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62139                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149968626                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       115553                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14362390                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7515311                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19833                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54252                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           63                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          688                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1246095                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1171605                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2417700                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141386097                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12970222                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2504565                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           20461748                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       19995563                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7491526                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.555355                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            140152124                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           140151797                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        83976335                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       225590382                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.550507                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372251                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104493889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    128761044                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21208255                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35930                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2114446                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233913043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179415422     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27618085     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10028244      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4997476      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4568026      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1921045      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1898434      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904378      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2561933      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233913043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    104493889                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    128761044                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             19092153                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11673938                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             17924                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         18663833                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       115926713                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2658935                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2561933                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          381319681                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         303648266                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3042750                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              16964036                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         104493889                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           128761044                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    104493889                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.436379                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.436379                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.410445                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.410445                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      636209005                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     195856636                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     142916943                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        35900                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              254586726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19796066                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17863223                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1036092                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7417984                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7076867                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1093136                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45753                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209802280                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            124533795                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19796066                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      8170003                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24623994                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       3257149                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      5082220                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12041265                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1041267                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    241703691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      217079697     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         877787      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1796525      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         755451      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        4094521      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3642089      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         704655      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1478294      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11274672      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    241703691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077758                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.489161                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      208620630                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      6276912                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24533458                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        77996                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      2194690                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1737475                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          508                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    146029729                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2813                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      2194690                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      208834746                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       4536025                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1073682                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        24412307                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       652234                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    145953792                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       276703                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       237296                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3525                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    171355136                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    687461378                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    687461378                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    152049515                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       19305609                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        16935                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8547                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1653332                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     34440099                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores     17422140                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       158668                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       847013                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        145668123                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16987                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       140073330                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73090                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11196328                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26860082                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           81                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241703691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191958707     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14874197      6.15%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12229052      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5288074      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6703000      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6492159      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3687526      1.53%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       288952      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182024      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241703691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354775     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2764936     86.41%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80192      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     87864178     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1224160      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8388      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33592226     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17384378     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    140073330                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.550199                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3199903                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022844                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    525123344                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156885008                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138877874                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    143273233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       251818                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1319636                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          563                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3578                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104433                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12403                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      2194690                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       4166080                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185964                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145685200                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1357                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34440099                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17422140                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8547                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       127093                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           88                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3578                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       602900                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       612829                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1215729                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139093569                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33478800                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       979761                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  90                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           50861728                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       18224425                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores         17382928                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.546350                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            138882336                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           138877874                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        75004992                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       147760627                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.545503                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.507611                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112858631                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    132627616                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13072283                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16906                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1058853                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    239509001                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191435887     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17529736      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8229422      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8135872      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2212730      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9469327      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       709168      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       516015      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1270844      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    239509001                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    112858631                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    132627616                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             50438163                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            33120456                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              8440                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         17514002                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       117938031                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1284654                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1270844                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          383937718                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         293594696                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4600304                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              12883035                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         112858631                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           132627616                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    112858631                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.255802                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.255802                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.443301                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.443301                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      687646972                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     161266463                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     173902704                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        16880                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              254586726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19340074                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17259703                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1537594                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12829884                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12604465                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1160879                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46322                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204218061                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            109824270                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19340074                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     13765344                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24478505                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5049936                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      3100966                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            8                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           34                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12352910                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1509427                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    235301253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      210822748     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        3728536      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1884251      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3683805      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1185557      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3410329      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         539456      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         877450      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        9169121      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    235301253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075967                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.431383                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      201708346                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      5657207                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24430555                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        19576                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3485568                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1836830                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        18111                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    122881077                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        34285                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3485568                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      201988232                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       3410206                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1389675                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24172693                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       854873                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    122706450                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        95306                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       686701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    160832780                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    556137642                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    556137642                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    130446901                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       30385869                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        16486                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8340                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1845040                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     22089484                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      3602542                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23372                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       821490                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        122067896                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16543                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       114310455                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73943                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22013850                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45045417                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          113                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235301253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485805                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    185150416     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15852054      6.74%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16725657      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9746562      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5014641      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1256468      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1491234      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34675      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        29546      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235301253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191707     57.29%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78208     23.37%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64710     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89664092     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       897210      0.78%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8148      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20168620     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3572385      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    114310455                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.449004                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334625                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    464330731                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144098593                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111416465                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    114645080                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90097                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4484018                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          118                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          309                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        88193                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3485568                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2297925                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       105130                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122084532                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6099                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22089484                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3602542                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8336                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41034                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2357                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          309                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1037555                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593347                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1630902                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112859429                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19880945                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1451026                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  93                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           23453177                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17154886                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          3572232                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.443304                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            111441081                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           111416465                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        67405780                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       146932189                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.437637                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.458754                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88733682                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     99918899                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22170650                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16430                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1527906                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231815685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431027                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194606289     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14625389      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9390598      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2955850      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4903638      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       956877      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607319      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555887      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3213838      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231815685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     88733682                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     99918899                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             21119811                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            17605462                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              8198                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         15328942                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        87325837                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1250997                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      3213838                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          350691071                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         247667391                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4532690                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              19285473                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          88733682                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            99918899                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     88733682                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.869110                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.869110                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.348540                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.348540                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      524551303                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     145189310                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     130464262                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        16414                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              254586726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19321000                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17243468                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1539678                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12903143                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12604119                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1162126                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46795                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204154095                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            109685720                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19321000                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     13766245                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24455455                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5039719                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      3102994                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12348952                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1511388                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    235203932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522616                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      210748477     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3727603      1.58%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1879816      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3682218      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1185582      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3415176      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         538392      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         874472      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        9152196      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    235203932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075892                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.430838                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      201634599                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      5668971                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24407443                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        19632                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3473286                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1833414                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        18104                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    122728849                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        34235                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3473286                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      201915277                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       3421554                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1388160                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24148946                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       856703                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    122554418                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        95621                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       688040                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    160639211                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    555437417                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    555437417                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    130391443                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       30247745                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        16486                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8342                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1847567                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     22074911                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3594941                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23293                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       816455                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        121918707                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16543                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       114211080                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73898                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21904835                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44810944                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          117                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235203932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    185081896     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15855601      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16720549      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9723072      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5014807      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1254479      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1489938      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34806      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28784      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235203932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191768     57.31%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78237     23.38%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64597     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89583295     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       897010      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8146      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20157690     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3564939      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    114211080                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.448614                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334602                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    464034591                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143840365                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111320942                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    114545682                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90537                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4479671                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          119                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          287                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81460                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3473286                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2303678                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       105494                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121935326                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6783                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22074911                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3594941                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8338                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40991                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2353                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          287                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1040478                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       591087                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1631565                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112760976                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19866551                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1450103                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  76                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           23431322                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       17143439                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3564771                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.442918                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            111346236                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           111320942                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        67354729                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       146782806                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.437261                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.458873                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88692107                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     99874578                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22065661                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16426                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1529999                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231730646                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194536027     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14621229      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9386498      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2954388      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4900911      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       956591      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       606890      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555646      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3212466      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231730646                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     88692107                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     99874578                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             21108716                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            17595235                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              8196                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         15321928                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        87287851                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1250686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3212466                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          350458094                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         247356510                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4532332                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              19382794                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          88692107                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            99874578                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     88692107                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.870455                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.870455                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.348377                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.348377                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      524092449                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     145074001                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     130307175                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        16410                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              254586726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19323212                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17245318                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1539228                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12884946                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12605379                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1161681                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46664                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204134643                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            109696492                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19323212                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     13767060                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24457730                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5040021                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      3106016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12348450                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1511009                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    235190508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      210732778     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3728383      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1879645      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3682492      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1185202      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3415170      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         539381      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         874054      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        9153403      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    235190508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075900                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.430881                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      201637926                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      5649065                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24410136                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        19360                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3474020                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1833896                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        18099                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    122741723                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        34189                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3474020                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      201916226                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       3407478                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1388115                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24152879                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       851784                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    122567322                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        94749                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       683927                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    160654296                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    555493986                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    555493986                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    130387627                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       30266656                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        16501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8356                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1839058                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     22076022                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3595407                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23274                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       816215                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        121928890                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16558                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       114217125                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73865                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21916956                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44833750                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235190508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    185070714     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15851420      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16721203      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9723917      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5012521      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1255361      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1491749      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34819      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28804      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235190508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191986     57.32%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78328     23.39%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64619     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89589320     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       897275      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8146      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20157415     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3564969      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    114217125                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.448637                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334933                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002932                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    464033556                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143862708                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111324505                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    114552058                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89476                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4481753                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          115                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          312                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81930                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3474020                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2302675                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104741                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121945524                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6547                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22076022                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3595407                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8353                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41032                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2393                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          312                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1040230                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       591561                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1631791                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112766211                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19867189                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1450914                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  76                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           23431988                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17143607                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3564799                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.442938                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            111349634                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           111324505                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        67358995                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       146800925                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.437275                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.458846                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88688871                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     99871342                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22079158                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16426                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1529561                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231716488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194521223     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14622969      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9386237      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2952979      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4901546      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       957457      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       606707      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555709      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3211661      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231716488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     88688871                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     99871342                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             21107744                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            17594267                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8196                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15321395                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        87285144                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1250684                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3211661                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          350455002                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         247377771                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4532627                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              19396218                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          88688871                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            99871342                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     88688871                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.870560                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.870560                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.348364                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.348364                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      524113997                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     145077489                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     130316934                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16410                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              254586726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       23054528                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19195514                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2092822                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8846576                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8441131                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2479804                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97424                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200625301                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            126471790                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          23054528                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10920935                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            26360833                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5817192                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      6937750                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12454835                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2000433                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    237629252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028833                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      211268419     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1616630      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2044349      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3244210      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1357129      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1748368      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        2038904      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         932675      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       13378568      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    237629252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090557                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.496773                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      199444081                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      8232577                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        26235137                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        12648                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3704807                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3508709                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          561                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    154561832                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2700                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3704807                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      199646640                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        648021                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      7019743                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        26045301                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       564733                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    153606849                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        81554                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       393918                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    214564767                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    714330785                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    714330785                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    179700081                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       34864674                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        37381                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19560                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1984937                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     14357815                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7525336                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84638                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1700238                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        149981496                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37520                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       143955266                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       141954                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18073844                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36676505                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1570                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237629252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176624371     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27827251     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11378788      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6374199      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8635632      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2656555      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2615417      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1406275      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110764      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237629252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        992104     79.16%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       132809     10.60%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128369     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121278171     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1968762      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17821      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13188162      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7502350      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    143955266                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.565447                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1253282                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008706                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526935020                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168093542                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140219032                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    145208548                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107194                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2678087                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          683                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103425                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           10                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3704807                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        493170                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62260                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150019024                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       118087                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14357815                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7525336                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19560                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54320                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           63                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          683                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1240203                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1174545                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2414748                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141454256                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12977422                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2501010                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           20479020                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       20007633                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7501598                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.555623                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            140219527                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           140219032                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        84009543                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       225628765                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.550771                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372335                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104545814                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    128824973                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21194642                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35950                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2110762                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233924445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179402346     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27630104     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10030286      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5001850      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4569921      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1922864      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1898596      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904657      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2563821      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233924445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    104545814                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    128824973                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             19101639                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11679728                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             17934                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         18673054                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       115984283                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2660242                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2563821                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          381379511                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         303744065                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3037129                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              16957474                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         104545814                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           128824973                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    104545814                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.435169                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.435169                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.410649                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.410649                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      636509986                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     195936212                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     142985403                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        35920                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              254586726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20614729                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16858966                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2013228                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8608342                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8139260                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2121899                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89591                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200159915                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            116959272                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20614729                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10261159                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            24518876                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5839328                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      3526333                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12306719                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2028973                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    231987090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      207468214     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1332304      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2105158      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3346866      1.44%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1380011      0.59%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1548410      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1649849      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1076552      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       12079726      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    231987090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.080973                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.459408                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      198314799                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      5386166                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        24442356                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        62266                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3781502                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3380075                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          467                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    142829699                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         3018                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3781502                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      198620815                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1727188                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      2775232                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        24204499                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       877841                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    142747849                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents        26858                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       245492                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       330108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents        43834                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    198201902                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    664041631                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    664041631                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    169326785                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       28875117                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        36277                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19898                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2634613                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13606187                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7310663                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220333                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1656594                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        142548235                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36376                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       134976228                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166136                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17993644                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39932217                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3357                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231987090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175069255     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22843459      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12501874      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8514205      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7957605      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2288988      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1788684      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       605218      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417802      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231987090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31481     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97175     38.65%     51.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122791     48.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113073583     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2132222      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16372      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12478288      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7275763      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    134976228                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.530178                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            251447                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502357129                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160579752                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132803363                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    135227675                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       406929                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2430589                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          288                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1525                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       206297                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8430                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3781502                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1152091                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120452                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    142584752                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58418                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13606187                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7310663                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19883                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88395                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           42                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1525                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1178523                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1146433                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2324956                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133053003                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11736283                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1923225                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           19010290                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18724020                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7274007                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.522623                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            132804414                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           132803363                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        77652140                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       202848577                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.521643                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382808                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99461419                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    121914213                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20670755                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33019                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2055885                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228205588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178708920     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23970840     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9334717      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5027353      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3764456      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2102855      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1296257      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1159281      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2840909      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228205588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     99461419                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    121914213                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18279964                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11175598                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             16474                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17500225                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       109853833                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2476638                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2840909                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          367948984                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         288951650                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3230490                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              22599636                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          99461419                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           121914213                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     99461419                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.559653                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.559653                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.390678                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.390678                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      600019351                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     184098902                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     133220447                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        32988                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              254586726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20636757                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16877687                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2009969                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8528538                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8139217                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2123108                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89484                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200186230                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            117146111                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20636757                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10262325                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24545583                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5847027                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3530390                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12307721                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2026074                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    232055156                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      207509573     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1332320      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2102815      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3346804      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1384436      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1543526      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1658012      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1077067      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12100603      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    232055156                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081060                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460142                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      198340077                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      5390861                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24469383                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        62348                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3792486                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3383195                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          470                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    143040957                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         3035                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3792486                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      198644553                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1728296                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      2779025                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24232921                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       877862                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    142958993                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        26002                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       246609                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       329233                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        46039                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    198484700                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    665067595                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    665067595                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    169424868                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       29059791                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        36293                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19908                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2627667                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13611531                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7320167                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220688                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1666825                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        142758857                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36392                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       135088447                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166261                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18144778                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40442578                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3353                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    232055156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175106591     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22849430      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12495157      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8525941      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7974795      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2291012      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1787627      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       605946      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       418657      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    232055156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31538     12.53%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97396     38.69%     51.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122797     48.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113163839     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2138181      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16382      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12484785      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7285260      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    135088447                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530619                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            251731                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502650041                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160941529                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132923327                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    135340178                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       406771                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2429427                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          358                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1534                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       211642                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8416                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3792486                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1156444                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120977                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    142795384                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58999                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13611531                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7320167                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19889                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88718                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           36                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1534                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1175502                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1147249                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2322751                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133172947                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11740972                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1915499                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19024533                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18734192                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7283561                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.523095                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            132924322                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           132923327                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        77717552                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       203066686                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.522114                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382719                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99519097                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    121984909                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20810688                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33039                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2052569                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228262670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178739728     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23983800     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9337706      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5031593      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3765884      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2103282      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1297397      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1159650      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2843630      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228262670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     99519097                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    121984909                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18290625                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11182100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             16484                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17510350                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       109917575                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2478083                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2843630                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          368213974                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         289383914                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3228105                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              22531570                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          99519097                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           121984909                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     99519097                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.558170                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.558170                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.390905                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.390905                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      600549827                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     184260808                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     133420088                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        33008                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              254586726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       19791019                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17860090                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1037363                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7460501                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7076261                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1094510                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45811                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209807029                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            124502379                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          19791019                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      8170771                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            24620047                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       3256763                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      5079153                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12042682                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1042218                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    241699766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      217079719     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         878228      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1795499      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         755514      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        4095029      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3642031      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         706840      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1477229      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11269677      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    241699766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077738                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.489037                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      208628543                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      6270511                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        24529597                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        78082                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      2193028                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1735167                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          509                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    145996508                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2801                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      2193028                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      208841589                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       4528570                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1077484                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        24409559                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       649529                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    145918534                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          118                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       277120                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       235759                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3350                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    171320630                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    687307572                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    687307572                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    152035514                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       19285116                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        17389                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8996                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1645736                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     34432111                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores     17418342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       158390                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       845058                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        145636183                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17442                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       140052572                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72236                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11180798                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26801811                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          535                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241699766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191957362     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14879290      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12225264      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5288329      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6700908      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6492004      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3684202      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290353      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182054      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241699766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354819     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2763953     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80015      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     87854128     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1223892      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8388      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33584962     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17381202     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    140052572                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.550117                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3198787                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    525075933                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156837987                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138859303                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    143251359                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       252163                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1316776                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          556                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3572                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103200                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12403                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      2193028                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       4159996                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185235                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145653708                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1407                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34432111                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17418342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9001                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126246                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           71                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3572                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       604640                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       611937                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1216577                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139073787                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33471552                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       978785                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  83                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           50851479                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       18220577                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores         17379927                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.546273                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            138863658                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           138859303                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        74992223                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       147747220                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.545430                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.507571                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112846095                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    132613278                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13054046                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16907                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1060127                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    239506738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191435995     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17529178      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8229502      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8137050      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2212597      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9467911      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       708181      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       515675      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1270649      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    239506738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    112846095                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    132613278                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             50430477                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            33115335                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              8440                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17512187                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       117925397                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1284607                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      1270649                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          383903075                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         293527886                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4602229                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              12886960                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         112846095                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           132613278                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    112846095                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.256053                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.256053                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.443252                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.443252                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      687554935                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     161249945                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     173862162                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        16882                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         359080                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.795003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2002340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         391845                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.110031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           228.943714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.659828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1639.078924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.203501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1557.584744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.601551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1683.659702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.614725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   987.775746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.767274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1189.352298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.099398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  2028.310261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.681804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  2554.360460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.423792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   964.936992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.998496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  2526.652441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.486088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1555.572708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.230312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1564.332942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.423097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1541.404382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.368367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   952.617525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.673349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1991.364109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.078007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  2014.835446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.797940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  2496.593049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           316.474469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           326.553228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           334.945361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           248.644424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           275.558117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           327.292509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           351.084052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           266.394405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           368.932960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           367.404530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           324.436690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           324.448882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           258.671196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           373.129083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           378.945128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           400.396994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.050021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.047534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.051381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.030145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.036296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.061899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.077953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.029448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.077107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.047472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.047740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.047040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.029072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.060772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.061488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.076190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.009658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.009966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.010222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.007588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.008409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.009988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.010714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.008130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.011259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.011212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.009901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.009901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.007894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.011387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.011564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.012219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        35150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        25216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        26497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        42075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        48718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        25240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        48648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        35877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        25160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        42436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        42783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        48840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  588449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           167933                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                167933                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          212                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1984                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        35305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        36151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        25429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        26652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        42209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        48794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        25452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        48721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        35934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        25373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        42571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        42916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        48910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   590433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        35305                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35248                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        36151                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        25429                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        26652                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        42209                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        48794                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        25452                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        48721                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        35934                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35425                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        25373                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        42571                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        42916                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        48910                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  590433                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        30302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        33094                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        33192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                358908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  52                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        30302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        33096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        33197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 358960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20981                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20021                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20068                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11506                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14851                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        30302                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        33096                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11380                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        33197                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19352                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19795                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19919                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11551                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29829                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29599                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32925                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                358960                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5342281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3450214120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5156016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3258140372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5633353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3300833698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5519225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1888968630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6163261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2421799667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5769909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4971554701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6025402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5388454040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5910883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1870407773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6147600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5391473675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5077484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3145181146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5130537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3219267242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5067188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3233902324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5852897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1890238003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5663228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4891052712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6221618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4857159880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5898945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5356318979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58625546789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       760769                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       347997                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1068500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       351589                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       716083                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2247977                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       454548                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       832237                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       174791                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1333913                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       8288404                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5342281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3450974889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5156016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3258488369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5633353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3301902198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5519225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1888968630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6163261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2421799667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5769909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4971554701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6025402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5388805629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5910883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1870407773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6147600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5392189758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5077484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3147429123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5130537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3219721790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5067188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3234734561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5852897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1890238003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5663228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4891052712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6221618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4857334671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5898945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5357652892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      58633835193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5342281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3450974889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5156016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3258488369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5633353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3301902198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5519225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1888968630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6163261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2421799667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5769909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4971554701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6025402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5388805629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5910883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1870407773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6147600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5392189758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5077484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3147429123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5130537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3219721790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5067188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3234734561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5852897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1890238003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5663228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4891052712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6221618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4857334671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5898945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5357652892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     58633835193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        55200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        56056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        72377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        81812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        81840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        55147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        72265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        81757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              947357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       167933                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            167933                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          212                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2036                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        55269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        56219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        72511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        81890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        81918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        55220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        72400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        81835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               949393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        55269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        56219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        72511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        81890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        81918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        55220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        72400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        81835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              949393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.373731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.362663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.313327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.359171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.418669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.404513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.310759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.405572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.360944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.314647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.412772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.408919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.402620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.378852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.031250                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.028986                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.042945                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.025641                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.064103                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.197183                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.041096                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.071429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.007463                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.102564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.025540                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.372757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.362246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.311520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.357830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.417895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.404152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.308970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.405247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.360577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.312832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.412003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.408178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.402334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.378094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.372757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.362246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.311520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.357830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.417895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.404152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.308970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.405247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.360577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.312832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.412003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.408178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.402334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.378094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148396.694444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164483.892067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151647.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162752.403816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152252.783784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164539.838393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162330.147059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164172.486529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150323.439024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163073.171302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151839.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164066.883407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154497.487179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162822.688101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168882.371429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164359.206766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       153690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162432.925856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149337.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162642.524873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150898.147059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162654.973828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149034.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162393.407854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162580.472222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163642.801749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153060.216216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163969.717791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155540.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164104.327319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       151255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162721.966735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163344.218543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152153.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 173998.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152642.857143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 175794.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 143216.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 160569.785714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       151516                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 166447.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       174791                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 166739.125000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159392.384615                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148396.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164480.953672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151647.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162753.527246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152252.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164535.688559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162330.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164172.486529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150323.439024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163073.171302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151839.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164066.883407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154497.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162823.471991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168882.371429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164359.206766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       153690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162430.031569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149337.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162641.025372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150898.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162653.285678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149034.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162394.425473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162580.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163642.801749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153060.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163969.717791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155540.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164104.688368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       151255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162722.942809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163343.646069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148396.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164480.953672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151647.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162753.527246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152252.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164535.688559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162330.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164172.486529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150323.439024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163073.171302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151839.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164066.883407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154497.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162823.471991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168882.371429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164359.206766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       153690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162430.031569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149337.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162641.025372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150898.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162653.285678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149034.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162394.425473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162580.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163642.801749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153060.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163969.717791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155540.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164104.688368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       151255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162722.942809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163343.646069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                84150                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     84150                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        30302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        33094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        33192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           358908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             52                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        30302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        33096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        33197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            358960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        30302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        33096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        33197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           358960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3248874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2228684536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3177796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2092035688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3478891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2132553669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3543740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1219025963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3772306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1557067233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3557549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3207199456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3758099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3462137128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3878433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1207756668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3822880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3459363881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3102557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2018810819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3152880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2066439373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3091517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2073953065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3759484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1217686463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3509494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3154214178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3892209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3133802335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3629818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3440275564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37727382546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       469106                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       230683                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       661045                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       234853                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       423810                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1430171                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       278561                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       540781                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       116384                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       868258                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5253652                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3248874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2229153642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3177796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2092266371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3478891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2133214714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3543740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1219025963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3772306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1557067233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3557549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3207199456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3758099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3462371981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3878433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1207756668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3822880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3459787691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3102557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2020240990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3152880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2066717934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3091517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2074493846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3759484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1217686463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3509494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3154214178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3892209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3133918719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3629818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3441143822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37732636198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3248874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2229153642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3177796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2092266371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3478891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2133214714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3543740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1219025963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3772306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1557067233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3557549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3207199456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3758099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3462371981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3878433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1207756668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3822880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3459787691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3102557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2020240990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3152880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2066717934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3091517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2074493846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3759484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1217686463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3509494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3154214178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3892209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3133918719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3629818                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3441143822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37732636198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.373731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.362663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.313327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.359171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.418669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.404513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.310759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.405572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.360944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.314647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.412772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.408919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.402620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.378852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.031250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.028986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.042945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.025641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.064103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.197183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.041096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.071429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.007463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.102564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.372757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.362246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.311520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.357830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.417895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.404152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.308970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.405247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.360577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.312832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.412003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.408178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.402334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.378094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.372757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.362246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.311520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.357830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.417895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.404152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.308970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.405247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.360577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.312832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.412003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.408178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.402334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.378094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90246.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106249.262777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93464.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104502.507018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94024.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106303.457903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 104227.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105946.980966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92007.463415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104845.951990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93619.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105841.180648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96361.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104615.251345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 110812.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106129.759930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst        95572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104222.821192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91251.676471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104396.050212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92731.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104407.809873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 90926.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104145.478809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 104430.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105418.272271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94851.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105743.208891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 97305.225000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105878.854483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93072.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104513.642312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105117.140175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93821.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 115341.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        94435                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117426.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        84762                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102155.071429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92853.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108156.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       116384                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108532.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101031.769231                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90246.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106246.301034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93464.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104503.589781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94024.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106299.318019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 104227.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105946.980966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92007.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104845.951990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93619.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105841.180648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96361.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104616.025532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 110812.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106129.759930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst        95572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104219.890080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91251.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104394.429000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92731.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104406.058803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 90926.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104146.485567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 104430.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105418.272271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94851.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105743.208891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 97305.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105879.209399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93072.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104514.618740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105116.548356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90246.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106246.301034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93464.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104503.589781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94024.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106299.318019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 104227.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105946.980966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92007.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104845.951990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93619.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105841.180648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96361.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104616.025532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 110812.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106129.759930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst        95572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104219.890080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91251.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104394.429000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92731.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104406.058803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 90926.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104146.485567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 104430.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105418.272271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94851.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105743.208891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 97305.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105879.209399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93072.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104514.618740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105116.548356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              517.151611                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012165636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1950222.805395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    35.151611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.056333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12157544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12157544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12157544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12157544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12157544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12157544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7177683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7177683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7177683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7177683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7177683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7177683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12157590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12157590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12157590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12157590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12157590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12157590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156036.586957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156036.586957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156036.586957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156036.586957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156036.586957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156036.586957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5899613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5899613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5899613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5899613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5899613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5899613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       159449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       159449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       159449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       159449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       159449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       159449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                56286                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              172654143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                56542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3053.555640                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.809928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.190072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.913320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.086680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8574333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8574333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7261077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7261077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17764                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17764                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15835410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15835410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15835410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15835410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       192005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       195808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       195808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       195808                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       195808                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25297436781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25297436781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    483537517                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    483537517                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25780974298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25780974298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25780974298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25780974298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8766338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8766338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7264880                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7264880                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17764                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17764                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16031218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16031218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16031218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16031218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 131754.052139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131754.052139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 127146.336313                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127146.336313                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 131664.560682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131664.560682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 131664.560682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131664.560682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       103139                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       103139                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18504                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           18504                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       135879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       139522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       139522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6038751779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6038751779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     11152155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11152155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6049903934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6049903934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6049903934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6049903934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107592.769465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107592.769465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 69700.968750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69700.968750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107485.057279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107485.057279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107485.057279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107485.057279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              558.672915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              931041859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1656658.112100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    33.445630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   525.227285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.053599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.841710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12344676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12344676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12344676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12344676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12344676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12344676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6867322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6867322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6867322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6867322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6867322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6867322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12344719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12344719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12344719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12344719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12344719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12344719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159705.162791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159705.162791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159705.162791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159705.162791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159705.162791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159705.162791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5792774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5792774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5792774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5792774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5792774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5792774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165507.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165507.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165507.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165507.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165507.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165507.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                55269                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              224718288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                55525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4047.155119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   203.242084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    52.757916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.793914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.206086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     18136407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18136407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3495832                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3495832                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8288                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8288                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8207                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8207                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     21632239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       21632239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     21632239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      21632239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       192019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       192347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       192347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       192347                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       192347                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22087450469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22087450469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     29763200                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29763200                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22117213669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22117213669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22117213669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22117213669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18328426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18328426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3496160                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3496160                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8207                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8207                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     21824586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21824586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     21824586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21824586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 115027.421604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115027.421604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 90741.463415                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90741.463415                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 114986.007939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114986.007939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 114986.007939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114986.007939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6604                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            6604                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       136819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       137078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       137078                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137078                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        55200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        55269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        55269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5837390842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5837390842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4819423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4819423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5842210265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5842210265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5842210265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5842210265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105749.834094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105749.834094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 69846.710145                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69846.710145                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105705.011218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105705.011218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105705.011218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105705.011218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              517.652217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1012174493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1946489.409615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    35.652217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.057135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12166401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12166401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12166401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12166401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12166401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12166401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7730755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7730755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7730755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7730755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7730755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7730755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12166449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12166449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12166449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12166449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12166449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12166449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161057.395833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161057.395833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161057.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161057.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161057.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161057.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6203283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6203283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6203283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6203283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6203283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6203283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163244.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163244.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163244.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163244.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163244.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163244.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                56219                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              172675354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                56475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3057.553856                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.810479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.189521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.913322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.086678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8588894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8588894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7267506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7267506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17970                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17970                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16724                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16724                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15856400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       15856400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15856400                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      15856400                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       192388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3812                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3812                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       196200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       196200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       196200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       196200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  25326487730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25326487730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    487976957                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    487976957                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  25814464687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25814464687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  25814464687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25814464687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8781282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8781282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7271318                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7271318                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17970                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17970                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16724                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16724                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     16052600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16052600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     16052600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16052600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 131642.762179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131642.762179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 128010.744229                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128010.744229                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 131572.195143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131572.195143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 131572.195143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131572.195143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19406                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           19406                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       136332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3649                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3649                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       139981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       139981                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139981                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        56056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          163                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          163                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        56219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        56219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5938255479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5938255479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11531234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11531234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5949786713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5949786713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5949786713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5949786713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105934.342069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105934.342069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 70743.766871                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70743.766871                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105832.311372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105832.311372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105832.311372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105832.311372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              490.400836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1014244663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2065671.411405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    35.400836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.056732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12455705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12455705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12455705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12455705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12455705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12455705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8853959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8853959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8853959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8853959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8853959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8853959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12455753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12455753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12455753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12455753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12455753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12455753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 184457.479167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184457.479167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 184457.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 184457.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 184457.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 184457.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6896429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6896429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6896429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6896429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6896429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6896429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 191567.472222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191567.472222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 191567.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191567.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 191567.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191567.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                36935                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              164386846                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                37191                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4420.070608                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.473516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.526484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.912006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.087994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      9930831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9930831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7381847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7381847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19254                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19254                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17956                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17956                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17312678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       17312678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17312678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      17312678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        94851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2161                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2161                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        97012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        97012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        97012                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        97012                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10391613830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10391613830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    145023184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    145023184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10536637014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10536637014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10536637014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10536637014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     10025682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10025682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7384008                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7384008                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        19254                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19254                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17956                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17956                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17409690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17409690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17409690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17409690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109557.240619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109557.240619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67109.293845                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67109.293845                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108611.687358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108611.687358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108611.687358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108611.687358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       125866                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 17980.857143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7995                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            7995                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        58129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        60077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        60077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3694858079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3694858079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     16638887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16638887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3711496966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3711496966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3711496966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3711496966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100617.016475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100617.016475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 78116.840376                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78116.840376                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100487.260485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100487.260485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100487.260485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100487.260485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              516.920725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1011051661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1951837.183398                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    41.920725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.067181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12355826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12355826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12355826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12355826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12355826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12355826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8388626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8388626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8388626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8388626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8388626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8388626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12355880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12355880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12355880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12355880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12355880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12355880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155344.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155344.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155344.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155344.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155344.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155344.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6855834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6855834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6855834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6855834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6855834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6855834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       159438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       159438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       159438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       159438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       159438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       159438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                41503                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              166599538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                41759                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3989.548073                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.363607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.636393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.911577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.088423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8507944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8507944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7160244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7160244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17242                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17242                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15668188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15668188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15668188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15668188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       132912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       132912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          913                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          913                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       133825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       133825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       133825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       133825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16585404481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16585404481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     78761719                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78761719                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16664166200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16664166200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16664166200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16664166200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8640856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8640856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7161157                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7161157                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        18482                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18482                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17242                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17242                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15802013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15802013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15802013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15802013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124784.853745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124784.853745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 86266.943045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86266.943045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124522.071362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124522.071362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124522.071362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124522.071362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8733                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            8733                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        91564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          758                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          758                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        92322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        92322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4352033481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4352033481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10284169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10284169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4362317650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4362317650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4362317650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4362317650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105253.784488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105253.784488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 66349.477419                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66349.477419                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105108.489748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105108.489748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105108.489748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105108.489748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              527.697155                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1016760826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1922043.149338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    37.697155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.060412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12302781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12302781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12302781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12302781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12302781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12302781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7474046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7474046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7474046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7474046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7474046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7474046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12302826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12302826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12302826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12302826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12302826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12302826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166089.911111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166089.911111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166089.911111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166089.911111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166089.911111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166089.911111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6408025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6408025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6408025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6408025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6408025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6408025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164308.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164308.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164308.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164308.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164308.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164308.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                72511                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              181295886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                72767                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              2491.457474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   234.176011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    21.823989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.914750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.085250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8532007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8532007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7067561                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7067561                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19765                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19765                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16488                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16488                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15599568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15599568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15599568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15599568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       184419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          811                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          811                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       185230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       185230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       185230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       185230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22869316457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22869316457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     69265105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69265105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22938581562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22938581562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22938581562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22938581562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8716426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8716426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7068372                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7068372                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        19765                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19765                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16488                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16488                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15784798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15784798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15784798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15784798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124007.376989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124007.376989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85407.034525                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85407.034525                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123838.371549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123838.371549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123838.371549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123838.371549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8561                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8561                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       112042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       112719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       112719                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112719                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        72377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        72511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        72511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8119299895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8119299895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8919580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8919580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8128219475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8128219475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8128219475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8128219475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112180.663678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112180.663678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 66564.029851                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66564.029851                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112096.364345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112096.364345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112096.364345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112096.364345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              579.331871                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1041624563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1786663.058319                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    38.295664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.036207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.061371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.867045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12041782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12041782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12041782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12041782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12041782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12041782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7949226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7949226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7949226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7949226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7949226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7949226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12041830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12041830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12041830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12041830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12041830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12041830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165608.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165608.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165608.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165608.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165608.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165608.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6634865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6634865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6634865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6634865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6634865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6634865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165871.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165871.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165871.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165871.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165871.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165871.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                81890                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              450470656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                82146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              5483.780781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.910610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.089390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.437151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.562849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     31603614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31603614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17305895                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17305895                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8459                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8459                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8444                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8444                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     48909509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       48909509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     48909509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      48909509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       290258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       290518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       290518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       290518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       290518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  35129697188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35129697188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     23393974                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23393974                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  35153091162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35153091162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  35153091162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35153091162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     31893872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31893872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17306155                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17306155                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8459                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8459                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8444                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8444                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     49200027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49200027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     49200027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49200027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121029.212590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121029.212590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 89976.823077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89976.823077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121001.422156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121001.422156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121001.422156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121001.422156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14396                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           14396                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       208446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       208628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       208628                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208628                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        81812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        81890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        81890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9141623965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9141623965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5686203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5686203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9147310168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9147310168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9147310168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9147310168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111739.402105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111739.402105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 72900.038462                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72900.038462                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111702.407718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111702.407718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111702.407718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111702.407718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              491.433127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1014246091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2061475.794715                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    36.433127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.058386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12457133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12457133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12457133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12457133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12457133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12457133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9130779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9130779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9130779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9130779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9130779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9130779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12457179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12457179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12457179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12457179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12457179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12457179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 198495.195652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 198495.195652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 198495.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 198495.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 198495.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 198495.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7596839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7596839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7596839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7596839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7596839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7596839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 205319.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205319.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 205319.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205319.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 205319.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205319.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                36832                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              164385158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                37088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4432.300421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.471028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.528972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.911996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.088004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9930865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9930865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7379845                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7379845                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19540                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19540                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17310710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       17310710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17310710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      17310710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        94520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        96624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        96624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        96624                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        96624                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10264229629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10264229629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    140224913                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    140224913                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10404454542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10404454542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10404454542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10404454542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     10025385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10025385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7381949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7381949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        19540                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19540                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17950                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17950                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17407334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17407334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17407334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17407334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000285                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108593.203862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108593.203862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 66646.821768                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66646.821768                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107679.816008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107679.816008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107679.816008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107679.816008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       148357                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 24726.166667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7984                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            7984                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        57900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        59792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        59792                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59792                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3675715696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3675715696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16092109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16092109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3691807805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3691807805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3691807805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3691807805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100374.541125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100374.541125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 75906.174528                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75906.174528                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100233.704523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100233.704523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100233.704523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100233.704523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              580.845493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1041623994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1783602.729452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    39.809337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.036156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.063797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12041213                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12041213                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12041213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12041213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12041213                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12041213                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8466086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8466086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8466086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8466086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8466086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8466086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12041265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12041265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12041265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12041265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12041265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12041265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162809.346154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162809.346154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162809.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162809.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162809.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162809.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6732573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6732573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6732573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6732573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6732573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6732573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164209.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164209.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164209.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164209.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164209.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164209.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                81918                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              450454228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                82174                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              5481.712318                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.908662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.091338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.437143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.562857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     31592769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31592769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17300325                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17300325                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8450                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8450                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8440                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8440                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     48893094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       48893094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     48893094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      48893094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       290423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       290682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       290682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       290682                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       290682                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  35187457236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35187457236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     24174114                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24174114                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  35211631350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35211631350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  35211631350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35211631350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     31883192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31883192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17300584                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17300584                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8450                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8450                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8440                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8440                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     49183776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49183776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     49183776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49183776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121159.333923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121159.333923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93336.347490                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93336.347490                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121134.543419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121134.543419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121134.543419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121134.543419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15011                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           15011                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       208583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       208764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       208764                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208764                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        81840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        81918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        81918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9143318702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9143318702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5836362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5836362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9149155064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9149155064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9149155064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9149155064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111721.880523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111721.880523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 74825.153846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74825.153846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111686.748505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111686.748505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111686.748505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111686.748505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              558.790915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              931050050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1656672.686833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    33.640607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.150308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.053911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12352867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12352867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12352867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12352867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12352867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12352867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6509910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6509910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6509910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6509910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6509910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6509910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12352910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12352910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12352910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12352910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12352910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12352910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151393.255814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151393.255814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151393.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151393.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151393.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151393.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5489581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5489581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5489581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5489581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5489581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5489581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156845.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156845.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156845.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156845.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156845.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156845.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                55286                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              224738123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                55542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4046.273505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   202.927993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    53.072007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.792687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.207313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     18154688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18154688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3497413                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3497413                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8261                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8261                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8207                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8207                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     21652101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       21652101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     21652101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      21652101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       192088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          344                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          344                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       192432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       192432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       192432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       192432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21812478498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21812478498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     40392087                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     40392087                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21852870585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21852870585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21852870585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21852870585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     18346776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18346776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3497757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3497757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8261                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8261                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8207                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8207                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     21844533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21844533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     21844533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21844533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113554.612979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113554.612979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 117418.857558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117418.857558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113561.520875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113561.520875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113561.520875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113561.520875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6359                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            6359                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       136873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       137146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       137146                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137146                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5762886379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5762886379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      6236503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6236503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5769122882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5769122882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5769122882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5769122882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104371.753672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104371.753672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 87838.070423                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87838.070423                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104350.520602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104350.520602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104350.520602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104350.520602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              558.419915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              931046091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1656665.642349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    33.230460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.189455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.053254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12348908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12348908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12348908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12348908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12348908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12348908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6862207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6862207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6862207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6862207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6862207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6862207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12348952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12348952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12348952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12348952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12348952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12348952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155959.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155959.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155959.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155959.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155959.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155959.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5636578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5636578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5636578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5636578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5636578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5636578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161045.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161045.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161045.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161045.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161045.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161045.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                55220                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              224722060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                55476                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4050.797822                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   202.790833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    53.209167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.792152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.207848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     18139493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18139493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3496534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3496534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8274                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8274                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     21636027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       21636027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     21636027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      21636027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       192161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       192520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       192520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       192520                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       192520                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21945466132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21945466132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     33086504                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33086504                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21978552636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21978552636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21978552636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21978552636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     18331654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18331654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3496893                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3496893                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8274                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8274                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     21828547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21828547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     21828547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21828547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114203.538345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114203.538345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92162.963788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92162.963788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114162.438375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114162.438375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114162.438375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114162.438375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            6311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       137014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       137014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       137300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       137300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        55147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        55220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        55220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5807510564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5807510564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5216631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5216631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5812727195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5812727195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5812727195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5812727195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105309.637224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105309.637224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 71460.698630                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71460.698630                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105264.889442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105264.889442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105264.889442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105264.889442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              558.709266                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              931045591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1656664.752669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.601862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.107404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.053849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12348408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12348408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12348408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12348408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12348408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12348408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6507090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6507090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6507090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6507090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6507090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6507090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12348450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12348450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12348450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12348450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12348450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12348450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154930.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154930.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154930.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154930.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154930.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154930.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5599766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5599766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5599766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5599766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5599766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5599766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159993.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159993.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159993.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159993.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159993.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159993.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                55242                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              224723690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                55498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4049.221413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   202.803533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    53.196467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.792201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.207799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     18141104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18141104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3496554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3496554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8273                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8273                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21637658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       21637658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21637658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      21637658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       192405                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192405                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          335                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          335                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       192740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       192740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       192740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       192740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22016623502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22016623502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     30527979                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30527979                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22047151481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22047151481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22047151481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22047151481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18333509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18333509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3496889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3496889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8273                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8273                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21830398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21830398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21830398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21830398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 114428.541368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114428.541368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91128.295522                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91128.295522                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 114388.043380                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114388.043380                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 114388.043380                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114388.043380                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            6455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       137233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       137233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          265                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          265                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       137498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       137498                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137498                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5816042939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5816042939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5243239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5243239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5821286178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5821286178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5821286178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5821286178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105416.568894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105416.568894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 74903.414286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74903.414286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105377.904095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105377.904095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105377.904095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105377.904095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              492.483178                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1014243746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2057289.545639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    37.483178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.060069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12454788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12454788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12454788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12454788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12454788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12454788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9131756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9131756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9131756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9131756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9131756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9131756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12454835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12454835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12454835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12454835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12454835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12454835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 194292.680851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 194292.680851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 194292.680851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 194292.680851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 194292.680851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 194292.680851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7555270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7555270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7555270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7555270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7555270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7555270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 198822.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198822.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 198822.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198822.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 198822.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198822.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                36924                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              164393458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                37180                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4421.556159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.473992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.526008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.912008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.087992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      9935786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9935786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7383481                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7383481                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19273                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19273                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17960                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17960                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17319267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       17319267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17319267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      17319267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        94857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        97002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        97002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        97002                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        97002                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10296674647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10296674647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    145539421                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    145539421                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10442214068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10442214068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10442214068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10442214068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     10030643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10030643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7385626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7385626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        19273                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19273                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17960                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17960                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17416269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17416269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17416269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17416269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108549.444395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108549.444395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 67850.545921                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67850.545921                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107649.471846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107649.471846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107649.471846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107649.471846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        65699                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 10949.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8000                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8000                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        58146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        60078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        60078                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60078                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3691520282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3691520282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     16799318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16799318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3708319600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3708319600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3708319600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3708319600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100556.244232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100556.244232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 78870.037559                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78870.037559                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100431.145055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100431.145055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100431.145055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100431.145055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              526.853076                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1016764714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1925690.746212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    36.853076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.059059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12306669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12306669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12306669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12306669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12306669                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12306669                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7728607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7728607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7728607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7728607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7728607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7728607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12306719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12306719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12306719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12306719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12306719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12306719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154572.140000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154572.140000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154572.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154572.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154572.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154572.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6169402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6169402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6169402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6169402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6169402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6169402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162352.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162352.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162352.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162352.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162352.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162352.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                72400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              181302705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                72656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              2495.357644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.172632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.827368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.914737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.085263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8536209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8536209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7070226                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7070226                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16494                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16494                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15606435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15606435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15606435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15606435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       183799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          815                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          815                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       184614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       184614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       184614                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       184614                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22626030802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22626030802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     70687531                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70687531                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22696718333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22696718333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22696718333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22696718333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8720008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8720008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7071041                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7071041                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19711                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19711                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16494                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16494                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15791049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15791049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15791049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15791049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123102.034298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123102.034298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 86733.166871                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86733.166871                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122941.479698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122941.479698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122941.479698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122941.479698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8772                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8772                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       111534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       112214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       112214                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112214                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        72265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        72400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        72400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8061602358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8061602358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9177547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9177547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8070779905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8070779905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8070779905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8070779905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111556.110953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111556.110953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 67981.829630                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67981.829630                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111474.860566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111474.860566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111474.860566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111474.860566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              528.640322                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1016765718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1914813.028249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    39.564059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   489.076263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.063404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.783776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12307673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12307673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12307673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12307673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12307673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12307673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8036251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8036251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8036251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8036251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8036251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8036251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12307721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12307721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12307721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12307721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12307721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12307721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167421.895833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167421.895833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167421.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167421.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167421.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167421.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6852051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6852051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6852051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6852051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6852051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6852051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167123.195122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167123.195122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167123.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167123.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167123.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167123.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                72515                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              181310500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                72771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2491.521348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.170144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.829856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.914727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.085273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8539857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8539857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7074370                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7074370                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        19704                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19704                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16504                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16504                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15614227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15614227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15614227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15614227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       183568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          810                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          810                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       184378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       184378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       184378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       184378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22520579740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22520579740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     71034774                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71034774                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22591614514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22591614514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22591614514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22591614514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8723425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8723425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7075180                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7075180                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        19704                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19704                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16504                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16504                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15798605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15798605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15798605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15798605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122682.492264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122682.492264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 87697.251852                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87697.251852                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122528.796896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122528.796896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122528.796896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122528.796896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8790                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8790                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       111187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       111863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       111863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       111863                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       111863                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        72381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        72515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        72515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8047710692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8047710692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9152469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9152469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8056863161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8056863161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8056863161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8056863161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111185.403517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111185.403517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 68302.007463                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68302.007463                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111106.159567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111106.159567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111106.159567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111106.159567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              579.521723                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1041625411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1786664.512864                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    38.485523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.036200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.061676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12042630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12042630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12042630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12042630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12042630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12042630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8312301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8312301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8312301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8312301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8312301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8312301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12042682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12042682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12042682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12042682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12042682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12042682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159851.942308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159851.942308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159851.942308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159851.942308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159851.942308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159851.942308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6464320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6464320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6464320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6464320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6464320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6464320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       161608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       161608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       161608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       161608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       161608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       161608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                81835                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              450444283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                82091                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              5487.133583                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.908611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.091389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.437143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.562857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     31584929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31584929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17297758                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17297758                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8441                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8441                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     48882687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       48882687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     48882687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      48882687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       290232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       290492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       290492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       290492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       290492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  35165721909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35165721909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     25405799                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25405799                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  35191127708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35191127708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  35191127708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35191127708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     31875161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31875161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17298018                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17298018                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8441                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8441                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     49173179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49173179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     49173179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49173179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121164.178688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121164.178688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 97714.611538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97714.611538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121143.190546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121143.190546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121143.190546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121143.190546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16052                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           16052                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       208475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       208657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       208657                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208657                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        81757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        81835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        81835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9115161497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9115161497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6359962                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6359962                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9121521459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9121521459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9121521459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9121521459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111490.899825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111490.899825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 81537.974359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81537.974359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111462.350571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111462.350571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111462.350571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111462.350571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
