
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001105                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1105127562                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               391204441299                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 392834                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   497727                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  36703                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67748588                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30109.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11828212138                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14986519197                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        41728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        41472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        22016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        41856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        64256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        41600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        21504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        62976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               460032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           43520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       196992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            196992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          502                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3594                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1539                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1539                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     37758537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     37526890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     19921682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3243065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data      8223485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3243065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      8223485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3243065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data      8223485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3243065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data      8223485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3243065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      8223485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     37874361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3243065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data      8223485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     58143514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     37642713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3243065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data      8223485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     19458387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     56985277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               416270497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3243065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3243065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3243065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3243065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3243065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3243065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3243065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           39380069                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         178252726                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              178252726                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         178252726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     37758537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     37526890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     19921682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3243065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data      8223485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3243065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      8223485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3243065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data      8223485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      3243065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data      8223485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3243065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      8223485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     37874361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3243065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data      8223485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     58143514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     37642713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3243065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data      8223485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     19458387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     56985277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              594523223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         180956                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162850                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11300                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        68975                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62826                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9799                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          512                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1899896                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1132638                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            180956                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        72625                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              223400                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         36067                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       262289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          110764                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11175                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2186700     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1           7754      0.32%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          16661      0.69%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3           6896      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          36028      1.49%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          32620      1.35%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6341      0.26%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          13397      0.56%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         103703      4.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2410100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.068280                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.427380                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1878670                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       283914                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          222404                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        16094                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1327552                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1881938                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        241331                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        31889                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          220127                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        10474                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1325743                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         4540                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         3337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1003                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1566399                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6236383                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6236383                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1348966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         217422                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           24240                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       308689                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       154875                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1381                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         7473                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1321016                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1256721                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1173                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125479                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       309402                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.521439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1956810     81.19%     81.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       139281      5.78%     86.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112339      4.66%     91.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        48691      2.02%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60303      2.50%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56308      2.34%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32159      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2689      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1520      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3096     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23700     86.15%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          713      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792986     63.10%     63.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10992      0.87%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298590     23.76%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154078     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1256721                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.474201                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27509                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021890                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4952223                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1446703                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1243971                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284230                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2281                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15990                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1784                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        234285                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2526                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1321177                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           27                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308689                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154875                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1598                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5802                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7080                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        12882                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1246664                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297534                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             451562                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         163202                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           154028                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.470406                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1244078                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1243971                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          673809                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1335462                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.469390                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.504551                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       145780                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        11334                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2385767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1956257     82.00%     82.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       159003      6.66%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73909      3.10%     91.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72106      3.02%     94.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19791      0.83%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82275      3.45%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6437      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4654      0.20%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11335      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2385767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1175558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               445790                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              292699                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           155352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1045399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        11459                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        11335                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3695770                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2667018                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 42116                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                240087                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1175558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.650187                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.650187                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.377332                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.377332                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6152649                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1451307                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1570171                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         181474                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       163312                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11312                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        69402                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          63061                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9804                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          507                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1905885                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1135435                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            181474                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        72865                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              224036                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         36181                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       260956                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          111079                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11173                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2415492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2191456     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1           7822      0.32%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          16653      0.69%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3           6972      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          36172      1.50%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          32675      1.35%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           6346      0.26%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          13398      0.55%     95.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         103998      4.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2415492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068476                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.428436                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1887641                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       279600                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          223049                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          761                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        24433                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        16128                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1331055                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        24433                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1890694                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        238625                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        27953                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          220921                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        12858                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1329267                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         4091                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         3158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4052                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1570338                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6252463                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6252463                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1352514                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         217818                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           22697                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       309528                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       155218                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1401                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         7488                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1324572                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1260114                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1264                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       126142                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       310935                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2415492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.521680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.310099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1961632     81.21%     81.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       139002      5.75%     86.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112341      4.65%     91.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        49039      2.03%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60410      2.50%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56513      2.34%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32294      1.34%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2744      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1517      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2415492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3118     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23831     86.19%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          700      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       795143     63.10%     63.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11053      0.88%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       299428     23.76%     87.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154415     12.25%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1260114                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.475481                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27649                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021942                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4964633                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1450922                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1247291                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1287763                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2258                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16174                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1793                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        24433                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        232380                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2259                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1324733                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       309528                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       155218                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1474                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5810                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7068                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        12878                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1250069                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       298251                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10045                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             452615                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         163630                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           154364                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.471691                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1247399                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1247291                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          675512                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1338166                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.470643                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.504804                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1002604                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1178602                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       146287                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        11348                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2391059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1960642     82.00%     82.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       158990      6.65%     88.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        74295      3.11%     91.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72339      3.03%     94.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19710      0.82%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82680      3.46%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6420      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4619      0.19%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11364      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2391059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1002604                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1178602                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               446771                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              293351                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           155801                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1048099                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        11503                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        11364                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3704584                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2674228                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 42268                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                234695                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1002604                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1178602                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1002604                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.643304                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.643304                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.378314                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.378314                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6168855                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1455199                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1573913                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2649242                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         194221                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       159173                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20895                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79861                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74118                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19574                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          937                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1861928                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1108401                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            194221                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        93692                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              242463                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         59858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       184877                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          116334                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20655                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2327870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921179                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2085407     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          25696      1.10%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          30336      1.30%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          16413      0.71%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          18303      0.79%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          11018      0.47%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           7219      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          18899      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         114579      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2327870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073312                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.418384                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1845742                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       201681                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          240183                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2063                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        38198                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        31391                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1351389                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        38198                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1849175                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         18127                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       174514                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          238826                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         9027                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1349569                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2117                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4313                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1877798                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6280115                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6280115                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1573427                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         304260                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          358                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          204                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           25319                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       129307                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        69550                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1735                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        14782                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1345747                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          359                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1263680                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1681                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       184378                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       428389                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           46                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2327870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235575                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1794610     77.09%     77.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214967      9.23%     86.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115084      4.94%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80263      3.45%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69477      2.98%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34935      1.50%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8726      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5647      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4161      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2327870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           342     12.46%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1165     42.44%     54.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1238     45.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1058338     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19576      1.55%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116802      9.24%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68811      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1263680                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.476997                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2745                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002172                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4859656                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1530527                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1240651                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1266425                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3254                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24909                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1988                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           43                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        38198                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         13866                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1202                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1346113                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          185                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129307                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69550                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          794                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11454                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12156                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        23610                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1243409                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109684                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20271                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             178456                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         173370                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            68772                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.469345                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1240749                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1240651                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          738609                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1932393                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.468304                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.382225                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       924087                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1133761                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       212293                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          313                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        20827                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2289672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1825653     79.73%     79.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215730      9.42%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90266      3.94%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54043      2.36%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37192      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24133      1.05%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12663      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9977      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20015      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2289672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       924087                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1133761                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               171949                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              104391                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           162247                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1022125                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        23057                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        20015                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3615698                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2730392                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 30676                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                321372                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            924087                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1133761                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       924087                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.866875                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.866875                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.348812                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.348812                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5607735                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1724524                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1260768                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          312                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         233052                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       194197                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22810                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88234                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82873                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24535                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1017                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2013030                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1277857                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            233052                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       107408                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              265153                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         64550                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       148493                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           85                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          126630                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21721                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2468965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.636506                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.007453                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2203812     89.26%     89.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          15932      0.65%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          20181      0.82%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          32212      1.30%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          13508      0.55%     92.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          17450      0.71%     93.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          20090      0.81%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7           9482      0.38%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         136298      5.52%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2468965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.087938                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.482176                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2001848                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       161877                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          263753                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          176                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        41310                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        35138                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1560637                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        41310                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2004476                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles          6188                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       149432                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          261280                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         6278                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1549769                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents          840                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4345                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2164858                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7201898                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7201898                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1776135                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         388723                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          376                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          199                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           23546                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       146498                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        74945                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          884                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        16646                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1510991                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1438067                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1822                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204186                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431489                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2468965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.307360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1861456     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       275750     11.17%     86.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113199      4.58%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64069      2.59%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85990      3.48%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27258      1.10%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26380      1.07%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13722      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1141      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2468965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10060     78.87%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1403     11.00%     89.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1292     10.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1211695     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19517      1.36%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          176      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132105      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74574      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1438067                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.542629                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12755                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5359676                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1715575                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1398322                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1450822                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1102                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30963                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1528                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        41310                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles          4660                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          585                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1511370                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146498                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74945                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          199                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          515                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12727                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13421                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        26148                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1411339                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129447                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26728                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             203988                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         199072                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            74541                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.532543                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1398362                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1398322                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          838045                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2251101                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.527631                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372282                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1033374                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1273467                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237914                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          358                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        22788                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2427655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1888387     77.79%     77.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       273593     11.27%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99083      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49372      2.03%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45045      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19089      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18869      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8983      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25234      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2427655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1033374                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1273467                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               188952                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              115535                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           184621                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1146514                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        26310                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        25234                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3913789                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3064077                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 32319                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                181222                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1033374                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1273467                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1033374                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.564596                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.564596                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.389925                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.389925                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6348340                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1955927                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1441889                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          358                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         232258                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193544                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22734                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87929                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82580                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24448                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1012                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2005742                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1273373                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            232258                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       107028                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              264220                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         64333                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       156056                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles          775                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           97                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          126175                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21643                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2468280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.004568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2204060     89.30%     89.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          15856      0.64%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          20095      0.81%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          32103      1.30%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          13477      0.55%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          17398      0.70%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          20026      0.81%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           9448      0.38%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         135817      5.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2468280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.087638                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.480484                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1994761                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       169351                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          262821                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        41171                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        35013                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1555208                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        41171                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1997384                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles          6121                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       156995                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          260352                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         6256                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1544345                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents          832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2157142                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7176715                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7176715                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1769704                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         387438                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          372                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          196                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           23463                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       145996                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        74677                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          877                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        16597                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1505648                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1432991                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1815                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203486                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429901                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2468280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1863005     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       274683     11.13%     86.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112797      4.57%     91.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63789      2.58%     93.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85736      3.47%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27169      1.10%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26290      1.07%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13670      0.55%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1141      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2468280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10031     78.91%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1395     10.97%     89.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1286     10.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1207407     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19464      1.36%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          175      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131637      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74308      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1432991                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.540713                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12712                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5348789                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1709528                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1393377                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1445703                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1094                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30858                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1518                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        41171                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles          4610                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          575                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1506023                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145996                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74677                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          506                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12674                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13387                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        26061                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1406346                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128993                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             203268                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         198375                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            74275                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.530659                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1393417                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1393377                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          835051                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2243082                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.525766                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372278                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1029630                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1268940                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237094                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        22710                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2427109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341170                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1889811     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       272569     11.23%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98716      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49209      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44864      1.85%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19036      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18801      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8954      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25149      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2427109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1029630                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1268940                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               188297                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              115138                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           183980                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1142441                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        26228                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        25149                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3907981                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3053244                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 32188                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                181907                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1029630                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1268940                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1029630                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.573922                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.573922                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.388512                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.388512                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6325875                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1948880                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1436817                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         231969                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193307                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22710                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87821                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82476                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24415                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1010                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2003061                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1271773                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            231969                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       106891                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              263891                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         64269                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       157745                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2273                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          108                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          126012                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21620                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2468428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.633648                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003390                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2204537     89.31%     89.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          15845      0.64%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          20070      0.81%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          32057      1.30%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          13460      0.55%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          17375      0.70%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          19997      0.81%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           9435      0.38%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         135652      5.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2468428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.087529                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.479880                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1993602                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       171027                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          262490                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          177                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        41131                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        34966                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1553242                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        41131                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1996222                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles          6120                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       158678                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          260027                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         6249                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1542391                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          835                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4329                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2154419                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      7167667                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      7167667                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1767352                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         387062                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          372                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          196                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           23425                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       145830                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        74584                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          877                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        16567                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1503756                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1431152                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1810                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203321                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429627                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2468428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305034                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1863911     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       274362     11.11%     86.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112645      4.56%     91.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63704      2.58%     93.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85627      3.47%     97.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27128      1.10%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26258      1.06%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13652      0.55%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1141      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2468428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10019     78.88%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1397     11.00%     89.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1286     10.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1205850     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19428      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          175      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131484      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74215      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1431152                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.540019                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12702                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008875                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5345244                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1707471                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1391571                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1443854                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1094                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30839                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1518                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        41131                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles          4608                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          576                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1504131                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145830                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74584                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          507                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12657                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13377                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        26034                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1404538                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128840                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26614                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             203022                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         198120                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            74182                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.529977                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1391612                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1391571                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          833980                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2240349                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.525084                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372255                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1028266                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1267246                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236891                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        22686                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2427297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1890713     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       272213     11.21%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98587      4.06%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49132      2.02%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44812      1.85%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19006      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18775      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8937      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25122      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2427297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1028266                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1267246                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               188054                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              114988                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           183738                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1140899                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        26184                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        25122                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3906299                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3049415                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 32152                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                181759                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1028266                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1267246                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1028266                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.577336                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.577336                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.387998                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.387998                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6317721                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1946380                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1435007                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         233018                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       194169                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22805                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88217                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82859                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24531                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1017                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2012745                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1277685                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            233018                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       107390                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              265117                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         64535                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       147312                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles          776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          108                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          126611                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21716                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2467577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.636779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.007843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2202460     89.26%     89.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          15930      0.65%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          20178      0.82%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          32207      1.31%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          13506      0.55%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          17447      0.71%     93.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          20087      0.81%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           9482      0.38%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         136280      5.52%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2467577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.087925                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.482111                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2001691                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       160692                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          263716                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          177                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        41300                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        35133                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1560429                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        41300                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2004319                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles          6188                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       148247                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          261244                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         6278                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1549566                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents          840                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4345                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2164567                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7200948                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7200948                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1775927                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         388630                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          375                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          198                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           23541                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       146481                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        74938                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          884                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        16643                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1510799                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1437893                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1821                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204146                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431381                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2467577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.307611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1860154     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       275704     11.17%     86.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113187      4.59%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64056      2.60%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85980      3.48%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27255      1.10%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26381      1.07%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13714      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1146      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2467577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10059     78.87%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1403     11.00%     89.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1292     10.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1211548     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19513      1.36%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          176      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132089      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74567      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1437893                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.542563                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12754                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5357938                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1715343                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1398155                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1450647                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1102                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30957                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1528                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        41300                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles          4660                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          585                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1511178                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146481                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74938                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          199                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          515                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12724                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13419                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        26143                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1411169                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129433                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26724                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             203967                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         199046                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            74534                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.532479                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1398195                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1398155                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          837944                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2250819                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.527568                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372284                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1033258                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1273325                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237864                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          358                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        22783                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2426277                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1887077     77.78%     77.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       273556     11.27%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99068      4.08%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49368      2.03%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45038      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19088      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18869      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8981      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25232      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2426277                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1033258                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1273325                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               188934                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              115524                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           184596                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1146391                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        26307                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        25232                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3912221                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3063683                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 32314                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                182610                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1033258                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1273325                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1033258                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.564884                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.564884                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.389881                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.389881                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6347585                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1955680                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1441702                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          358                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         232233                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193531                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22733                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87918                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82569                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24443                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1012                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2005459                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1273271                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            232233                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       107012                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              264195                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         64331                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       156388                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles          698                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           97                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          126159                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21642                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2468226                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.004527                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2204031     89.30%     89.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          15853      0.64%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          20094      0.81%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          32098      1.30%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          13476      0.55%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          17394      0.70%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          20024      0.81%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9444      0.38%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         135812      5.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2468226                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.087629                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.480446                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1994401                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       169683                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          262796                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        41170                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        35006                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1555084                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        41170                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1997023                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          6122                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       157326                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          260328                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         6256                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1544224                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2156990                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7176179                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7176179                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1769551                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         387439                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          373                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          197                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           23467                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       145987                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        74669                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          877                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        16597                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1505524                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1432867                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1815                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203486                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429901                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2468226                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305723                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1863009     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       274661     11.13%     86.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112782      4.57%     91.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63773      2.58%     93.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85735      3.47%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27165      1.10%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26290      1.07%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13670      0.55%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1141      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2468226                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10031     78.91%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1395     10.97%     89.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1286     10.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1207300     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19464      1.36%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          175      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131628      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74300      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1432867                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.540666                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12712                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5348487                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1709404                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1393253                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1445579                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1094                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30858                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1518                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        41170                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          4611                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          575                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1505899                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145987                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74669                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          506                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12673                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13387                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        26060                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1406222                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128984                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             203251                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         198350                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            74267                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.530612                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1393293                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1393253                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          834982                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2242925                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.525719                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372274                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1029532                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1268820                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237090                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        22709                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2427056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1889817     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       272536     11.23%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98707      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49200      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44860      1.85%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19035      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18800      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8953      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25148      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2427056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1029532                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1268820                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               188280                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              115129                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           183956                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1142329                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        26221                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        25148                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3907805                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3052995                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 32184                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                181961                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1029532                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1268820                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1029532                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.574167                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.574167                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.388475                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.388475                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6325343                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1948726                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1436698                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         181164                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       163021                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11232                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        69142                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62828                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9820                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          502                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1901614                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1133462                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            181164                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        72648                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              223492                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         35906                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       268639                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          110782                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11099                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2418165                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.550512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.855268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2194673     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           7763      0.32%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          16608      0.69%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3           6874      0.28%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          36046      1.49%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          32747      1.35%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           6264      0.26%     95.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          13394      0.55%     95.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         103796      4.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2418165                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.068359                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.427691                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1883488                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       287165                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          222508                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          758                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        24238                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        16111                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1328322                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        24238                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1886560                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        246114                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        29697                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          220366                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        11182                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1326526                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         3909                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         3156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2519                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1567599                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6239532                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6239532                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1351201                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         216384                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           88                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           22753                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       308805                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       154914                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1411                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         7479                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1321893                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1257877                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1187                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125002                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       307658                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2418165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.520178                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1965023     81.26%     81.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       138562      5.73%     86.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112551      4.65%     91.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        48897      2.02%     93.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60341      2.50%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56313      2.33%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32254      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2723      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1501      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2418165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3117     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23752     86.17%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          696      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       793841     63.11%     63.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11040      0.88%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298739     23.75%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154182     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1257877                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.474637                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27565                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021914                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4962671                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1447104                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1245180                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1285442                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2317                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15917                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1720                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        24238                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        240132                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2288                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1322055                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           21                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308805                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154914                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1490                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5748                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7076                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        12824                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1247840                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297706                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10037                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             451841                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         163458                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           154135                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.470850                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1245288                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1245180                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          674553                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1336102                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.469846                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.504866                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1001416                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1177273                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       144955                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        11268                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2393927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.491775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.306677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1963799     82.03%     82.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       158903      6.64%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        74336      3.11%     91.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72275      3.02%     94.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19737      0.82%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82538      3.45%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6426      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4625      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11288      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2393927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1001416                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1177273                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               446080                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              292886                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           155620                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1046946                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        11501                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        11288                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3704867                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2668711                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 42080                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                232022                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1001416                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1177273                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1001416                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.646440                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.646440                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.377866                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.377866                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6157953                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1452839                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1571284                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         232563                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193775                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22758                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88063                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82707                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24487                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1017                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2009135                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1275218                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            232563                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       107194                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              264607                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         64397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       152081                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles          776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          108                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          126377                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21669                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2468135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.635413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.005878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2203528     89.28%     89.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          15896      0.64%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          20127      0.82%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          32144      1.30%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          13493      0.55%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          17425      0.71%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          20050      0.81%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           9471      0.38%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         136001      5.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2468135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.087753                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.481180                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1998116                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       165426                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          263208                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        41209                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        35072                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1557411                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        41209                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2000740                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles          6121                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       153065                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          260738                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         6261                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1546548                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4338                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2160211                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7186945                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7186945                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1772524                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         387678                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          375                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          198                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           23483                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       146206                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        74809                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          884                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        16604                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1507842                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1435129                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1820                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203646                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430298                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2468135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581463                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.306443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1861849     75.44%     75.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       275218     11.15%     86.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112948      4.58%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63927      2.59%     93.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85852      3.48%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27190      1.10%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26325      1.07%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13682      0.55%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1144      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2468135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10038     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1403     11.02%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1292     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1209203     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19470      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          176      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131840      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74440      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1435129                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.541520                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12733                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5352946                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1711886                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1395482                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1447862                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1097                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30892                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1522                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        41209                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          4609                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          575                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1508221                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146206                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74809                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          199                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          506                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12695                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13395                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        26090                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1408473                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129189                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26656                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             203596                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         198659                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            74407                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.531462                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1395522                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1395482                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          836309                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2246406                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.526560                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372288                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1031314                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1270936                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237286                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          358                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        22736                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2426926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1888703     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       273085     11.25%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98861      4.07%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49295      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44957      1.85%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19053      0.79%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18834      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8957      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25181      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2426926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1031314                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1270936                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               188596                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              115311                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           184243                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1144257                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        26262                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        25181                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3909954                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3057668                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 32247                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                182052                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1031314                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1270936                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1031314                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.569719                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.569719                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.389148                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.389148                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6335500                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1951808                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1438950                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          358                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         152582                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       124328                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16403                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        62480                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          57838                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          15136                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          721                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1476856                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts               902392                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            152582                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        72974                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              185175                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         51522                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       163067                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines           92518                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16352                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      1859622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.590410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        1674447     90.04%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1           9744      0.52%     90.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          15533      0.84%     91.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          23114      1.24%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4           9792      0.53%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          11587      0.62%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          12014      0.65%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           8528      0.46%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          94863      5.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      1859622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.057574                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.340501                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1457278                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       183264                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          183643                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1197                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        34237                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        24815                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          288                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1094197                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        34237                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1460992                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         58852                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       112355                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          181227                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        11956                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1091582                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          568                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         2630                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         5880                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          967                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1493229                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5088198                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5088198                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1223584                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         269645                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          243                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           33915                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       111222                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        61217                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3076                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        11673                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1087444                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1012253                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1881                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       171494                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       399567                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1859622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.544333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.231330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1426850     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       176964      9.52%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        96421      5.18%     91.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63397      3.41%     94.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57953      3.12%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18025      0.97%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12652      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4473      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2887      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1859622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           280     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1020     41.63%     53.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1150     46.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       832983     82.29%     82.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18603      1.84%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          112      0.01%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       100740      9.95%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        59815      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1012253                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.381955                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2450                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002420                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3888459                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1259242                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       993146                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1014703                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4782                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24497                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4456                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          833                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        34237                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         48808                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1406                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1087687                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       111222                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        61217                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          131                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          709                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           64                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8732                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10222                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        18954                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts       997113                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        95213                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15140                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             154892                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         135080                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            59679                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.376243                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent               993234                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count              993146                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          588455                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1492968                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.374746                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.394151                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       733103                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps       894072                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       194443                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          224                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        16665                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1825385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1461768     80.08%     80.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174165      9.54%     89.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        71585      3.92%     93.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36494      2.00%     95.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        27352      1.50%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15606      0.85%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9770      0.54%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7963      0.44%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20682      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1825385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       733103                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps       894072                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               143486                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads               86725                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               112                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           124097                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          808412                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        17442                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        20682                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            2893218                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2211276                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 26774                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                790565                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            733103                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps              894072                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       733103                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.615027                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.615027                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.276623                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.276623                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        4526008                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1357530                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1036334                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          224                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         178355                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       160635                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11005                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        68164                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          61920                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9579                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          508                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1875735                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1117190                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            178355                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        71499                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              220252                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         35150                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       284683                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          109213                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10854                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2404570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.545668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847463                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2184318     90.84%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           7560      0.31%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          16230      0.67%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           6792      0.28%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          35685      1.48%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          32453      1.35%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           6260      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          13041      0.54%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         102231      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2404570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067299                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.421551                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1858607                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       302205                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          219260                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          772                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        23718                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        15745                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1309232                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        23718                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1861501                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        262261                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        31174                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          217286                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         8622                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1307423                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         4094                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         2962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           98                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1541326                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6150836                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6150836                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1329131                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         212183                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          157                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           84                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           21702                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       306709                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       153758                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1412                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         7301                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1302955                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          156                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1240229                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1266                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       122940                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       302552                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2404570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.515780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1958970     81.47%     81.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       136373      5.67%     87.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109623      4.56%     91.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47753      1.99%     93.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        59589      2.48%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56186      2.34%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        31940      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2663      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1473      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2404570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2996     10.91%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23780     86.62%     97.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          677      2.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       779477     62.85%     62.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10762      0.87%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           73      0.01%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       296914     23.94%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       153003     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1240229                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.467978                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27453                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022135                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4913747                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1426098                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1227582                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1267682                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2253                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15701                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1692                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        23718                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        256260                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2149                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1303111                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           21                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       306709                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       153758                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           84                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1416                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5656                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6898                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        12554                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1230305                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       295754                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9924                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             448721                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         160975                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           152967                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.464233                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1227701                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1227582                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          664087                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1310726                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.463206                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506656                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       987995                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1160942                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       142316                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          144                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        11032                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2380852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.487616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1957037     82.20%     82.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156618      6.58%     88.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        72512      3.05%     91.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        71564      3.01%     94.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19142      0.80%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82239      3.45%     99.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6298      0.26%     99.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4479      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10963      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2380852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       987995                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1160942                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               443067                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              291001                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                72                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           153308                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1032260                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        11197                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        10963                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3673147                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2630254                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 41745                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                245617                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            987995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1160942                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       987995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.682389                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.682389                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.372802                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.372802                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6077458                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1429042                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1552145                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          144                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         232536                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193751                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22753                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88052                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82698                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24483                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1017                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2008871                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1275076                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            232536                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       107181                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              264577                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         64385                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       152357                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles          738                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          108                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          126359                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21664                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2468072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.635356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.005796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2203495     89.28%     89.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          15895      0.64%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          20122      0.82%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          32143      1.30%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          13492      0.55%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          17422      0.71%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          20048      0.81%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           9470      0.38%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         135985      5.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2468072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.087743                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.481127                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1997819                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       165697                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          263176                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          177                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        41202                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        35069                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1557231                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        41202                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2000441                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles          6120                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       153335                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          260711                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         6262                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1546372                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          835                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4338                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2159961                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      7186108                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      7186108                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1772346                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         387604                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          375                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          198                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           23478                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       146190                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        74801                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          884                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        16604                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1507690                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1434982                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1820                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203630                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430261                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2468072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.306428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1861864     75.44%     75.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       275179     11.15%     86.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112933      4.58%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63912      2.59%     93.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85840      3.48%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27193      1.10%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26325      1.07%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13682      0.55%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1144      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2468072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10038     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1403     11.02%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1292     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1209081     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19470      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          176      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131823      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74432      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1434982                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.541464                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12733                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008873                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5352589                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1711718                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1395336                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1447715                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1097                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30890                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1522                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        41202                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles          4609                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          576                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1508069                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146190                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74801                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          199                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          507                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12691                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13392                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        26083                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1408326                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129172                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26656                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             203571                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         198637                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            74399                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.531406                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1395376                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1395336                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          836221                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2246138                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.526505                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372293                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1031216                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1270809                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237260                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          358                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22731                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2426870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523641                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341951                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1888709     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       273049     11.25%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98846      4.07%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49292      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44954      1.85%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19054      0.79%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18833      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8956      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25177      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2426870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1031216                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1270809                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               188574                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              115295                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           184224                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1144144                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        26260                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        25177                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3909749                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3057356                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 32243                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                182115                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1031216                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1270809                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1031216                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.569963                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.569963                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.389111                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.389111                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6334827                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1951602                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1438787                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          358                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         193673                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       158762                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20854                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79621                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73894                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19513                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          931                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1856247                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1104890                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            193673                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        93407                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              241759                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         59717                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       195119                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          115995                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20614                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2331632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.579872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2089873     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          25632      1.10%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          30273      1.30%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          16370      0.70%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          18237      0.78%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          10976      0.47%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           7194      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          18849      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         114228      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2331632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073079                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.416910                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1840247                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       211735                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          239485                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2058                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        38104                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        31281                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1347306                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2089                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        38104                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1843667                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         21025                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       181745                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          238130                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         8958                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1345491                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2095                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4270                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1872348                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6261078                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6261078                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1568776                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         303557                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           25183                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       128882                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        69239                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1717                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        14747                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1341681                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          354                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1259892                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1678                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183878                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       427200                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2331632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.540348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.233396                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1800096     77.20%     77.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214172      9.19%     86.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114743      4.92%     91.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79996      3.43%     94.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69296      2.97%     97.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34843      1.49%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8702      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5637      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4147      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2331632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           339     12.46%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1154     42.41%     54.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1228     45.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1055329     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19502      1.55%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116388      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68521      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1259892                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.475397                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2721                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4855815                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1525956                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1236918                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1262613                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3239                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24835                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1947                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           76                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           44                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        38104                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         16852                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1180                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1342042                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          189                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128882                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69239                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          779                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11425                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12134                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        23559                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1239659                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109289                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20233                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             177771                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         172893                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            68482                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.467763                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1237016                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1236918                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          736326                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1927021                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.466729                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382106                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       921172                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1130315                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211746                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          309                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        20781                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2293528                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.306835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1830983     79.83%     79.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       214992      9.37%     89.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89994      3.92%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53898      2.35%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37054      1.62%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24068      1.05%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12637      0.55%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9953      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19949      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2293528                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       921172                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1130315                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               171339                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              104047                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           161817                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1018956                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        22988                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        19949                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3615627                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2722232                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 30550                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                318555                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            921172                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1130315                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       921172                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.876973                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.876973                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.347588                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.347588                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5590515                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1719585                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1256618                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2647736                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         149996                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       122243                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16195                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        61228                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56601                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14805                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          713                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1447437                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts               886477                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            149996                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        71406                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              181772                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         51033                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       172461                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines           90793                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16153                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      1835924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        1654152     90.10%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1           9593      0.52%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          15100      0.82%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          22637      1.23%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4           9580      0.52%     93.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          11303      0.62%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          11827      0.64%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           8441      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          93291      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      1835924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.056651                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.334806                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1428578                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       191947                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          180232                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1195                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        33969                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        24385                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1075155                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        33969                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1432252                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         54493                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       125813                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          177867                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        11527                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1072437                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2508                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         5827                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          763                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1466652                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      4998285                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      4998285                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1198262                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         268181                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          241                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          132                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           33282                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       109550                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        60070                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3030                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        11461                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1068185                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          240                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued          992749                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1770                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       171002                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       399807                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1835924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.540735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.229179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1412547     76.94%     76.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       172107      9.37%     86.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        94552      5.15%     91.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62554      3.41%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56795      3.09%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17679      0.96%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12403      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4413      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2874      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1835924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           288     11.68%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1034     41.95%     53.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1143     46.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       816963     82.29%     82.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18250      1.84%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          109      0.01%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98755      9.95%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58672      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total       992749                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.374943                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2465                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002483                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3825657                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1239491                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       973876                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses       995214                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4595                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24590                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4480                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          815                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        33969                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         44795                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1338                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1068425                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           39                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109550                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60070                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          132                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          656                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8504                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10192                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        18696                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts       977796                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93315                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14953                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             151870                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         132427                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            58555                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.369295                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent               973981                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count              973876                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          576894                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1463922                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.367815                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.394074                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       717928                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       875626                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       193385                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          216                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        16446                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1801955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.485931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329204                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1446564     80.28%     80.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169580      9.41%     89.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70083      3.89%     93.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        35956      2.00%     95.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26818      1.49%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15279      0.85%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9602      0.53%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7851      0.44%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20222      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1801955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       717928                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       875626                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               140524                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads               84944                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               108                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           121555                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          791739                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        17092                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        20222                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            2850744                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2172195                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 26350                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                811812                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            717928                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              875626                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       717928                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.688024                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.688024                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.271148                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.271148                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        4437699                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1331124                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1017799                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          216                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         204464                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167467                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21487                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82825                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78546                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20742                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          983                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1958676                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1145881                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            204464                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        99288                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              238179                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         59884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       114695                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          121292                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21333                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2349696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2111517     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          11110      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          17399      0.74%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          23329      0.99%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          24349      1.04%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          20644      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          11152      0.47%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          17190      0.73%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         113006      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2349696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077151                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.432377                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1938463                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       135324                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          237547                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          380                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        37980                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        33360                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1404803                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1009                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        37980                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1944222                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         20377                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       102398                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          232158                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        12559                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1403085                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1776                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1959785                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6525019                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6525019                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1665292                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         294493                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           39476                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       131941                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        70037                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          797                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        15639                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1399759                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1317989                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          260                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       174142                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       425919                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2349696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1793843     76.34%     76.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227437      9.68%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115520      4.92%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88059      3.75%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68830      2.93%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27774      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17812      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9095      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1326      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2349696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           308     13.12%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          850     36.20%     49.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1109172     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19672      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119228      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69754      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1317989                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.497319                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2348                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4988282                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1574236                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1296307                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1320337                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2701                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23801                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1258                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        37980                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         17324                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1280                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1400087                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131941                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70037                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1085                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11788                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12629                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        24417                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1298264                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112062                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19725                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             181802                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         183982                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            69740                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.489876                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1296373                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1296307                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          745367                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2009898                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.489138                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.370848                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       970826                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1194619                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       205473                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        21567                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2311716                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1821978     78.81%     78.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242464     10.49%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91956      3.98%     93.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43568      1.88%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36472      1.58%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21369      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19081      0.83%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8304      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26524      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2311716                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       970826                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1194619                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               176919                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              108140                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           172314                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1076299                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        24603                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        26524                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3685284                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2838168                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 31339                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                300491                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            970826                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1194619                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       970826                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.729827                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.729827                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.366324                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.366324                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5841379                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1807777                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1300763                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          340                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         112041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        46.918342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.133603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   173.548639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1855.317758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.006413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.084741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.905917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   389                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 340                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300719897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     309820012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300719897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      309820012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300719897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     309820012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.466392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.466392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.466392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922453.671779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 911235.329412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922453.671779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 911235.329412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922453.671779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 911235.329412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272095997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279966912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272095997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    279966912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272095997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    279966912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834650.297546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823432.094118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834650.297546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823432.094118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834650.297546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823432.094118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          338                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         112047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2386                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        46.960184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.135255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   172.998937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1855.865808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.006414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.084472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.906184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          395                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   395                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          324                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 338                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12673601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    297919122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     310592723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12673601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    297919122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      310592723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12673601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    297919122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     310592723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.450626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.461119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.450626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.461119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.450626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.461119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 905257.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 919503.462963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 918913.381657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 905257.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 919503.462963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 918913.381657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 905257.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 919503.462963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 918913.381657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11444401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    269467759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    280912160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11444401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    269467759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    280912160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11444401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    269467759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    280912160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.450626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.450626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.450626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 817457.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 831690.614198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831101.065089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 817457.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 831690.614198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831101.065089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 817457.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 831690.614198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831101.065089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          197                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2046.787367                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         132720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        59.118040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.180786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.578387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    84.642789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1863.385405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.009071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.041329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.909856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            212                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 212                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          383                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   384                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 197                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     46075394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    171669881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     217745275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     46075394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    171669881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      217745275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     46075394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    171669881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     217745275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          212                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             212                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.312839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.340830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.311151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.339071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.311151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.339071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1919808.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 992311.450867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1105305.964467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1919808.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 992311.450867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1105305.964467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1919808.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 992311.450867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1105305.964467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                117                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     117                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     43968194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    156568281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200536475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     43968194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    156568281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200536475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     43968194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    156568281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200536475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.312839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.311151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.311151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1832008.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 905018.965318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1017951.649746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1832008.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 905018.965318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1017951.649746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1832008.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 905018.965318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1017951.649746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                           99                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.082804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         128856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        60.016768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.082804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    21.216361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    32.327736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1951.455903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.010360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.015785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.952859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          289                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   291                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                  99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                   99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                  99                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    110647904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     64946460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     175594364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    110647904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     64946460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      175594364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    110647904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     64946460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     175594364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.255155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.197222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.253846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.197222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.253846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3951710.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 914738.873239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1773680.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3951710.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 914738.873239                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1773680.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3951710.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 914738.873239                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1773680.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 58                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      58                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    108188868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     58711955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    166900823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    108188868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     58711955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    166900823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    108188868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     58711955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    166900823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.197222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.197222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3863888.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 826928.943662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1685866.898990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3863888.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 826928.943662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1685866.898990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3863888.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 826928.943662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1685866.898990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                           99                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.077010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         128853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        60.015370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.077010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    21.213005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    32.177797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1951.609198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.010358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.015712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.952934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks             89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                  89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                  99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                   99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                  99                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100222059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     64488460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     164710519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100222059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     64488460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      164710519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100222059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     64488460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     164710519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total              89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.199438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.256477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.255155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.255155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3579359.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 908288.169014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1663742.616162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3579359.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 908288.169014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1663742.616162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3579359.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 908288.169014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1663742.616162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 58                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      58                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     97763659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     58252641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156016300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     97763659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     58252641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156016300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     97763659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     58252641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156016300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.199438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3491559.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 820459.732394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1575922.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3491559.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 820459.732394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1575922.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3491559.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 820459.732394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1575922.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                           99                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.027138                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         128853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        60.015370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.027138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    21.209244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    32.178831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1951.611925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.010356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.015712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.952936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                  99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                   99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                  99                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    110033524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     65782916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     175816440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    110033524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     65782916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      175816440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    110033524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     65782916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     175816440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.199438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.256477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.255155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.255155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3929768.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 926519.943662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1775923.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3929768.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 926519.943662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1775923.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3929768.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 926519.943662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1775923.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 58                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      58                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107575124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     59549116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    167124240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107575124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     59549116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    167124240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107575124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     59549116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    167124240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.199438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3841968.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 838719.943662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1688123.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3841968.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 838719.943662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1688123.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3841968.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 838719.943662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1688123.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                           99                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.081618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         128856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        60.016768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.081618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    21.228332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    32.324461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1951.447207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.010365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.015783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.952855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          289                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   291                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                  99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                   99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                  99                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    104601058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     61986092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     166587150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    104601058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     61986092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      166587150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    104601058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     61986092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     166587150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.255155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.197222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.253846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.197222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.253846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3735752.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 873043.549296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1682698.484848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3735752.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 873043.549296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1682698.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3735752.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 873043.549296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1682698.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 58                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      58                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    102140302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     55749645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    157889947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    102140302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     55749645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    157889947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    102140302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     55749645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    157889947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.197222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.197222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3647867.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 785206.267606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1594847.949495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3647867.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 785206.267606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1594847.949495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3647867.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 785206.267606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1594847.949495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                           99                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.080501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         128853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        60.015370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.080501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    21.183683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    32.130448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1951.685869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.010344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.015689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.952972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks             89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                  89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                  99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                   99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                  99                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     99124336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     64563586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     163687922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     99124336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     64563586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      163687922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     99124336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     64563586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     163687922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total              89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.199438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.256477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.255155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.255155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3540154.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 909346.281690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1653413.353535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3540154.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 909346.281690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1653413.353535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3540154.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 909346.281690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1653413.353535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 58                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      58                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     96665936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     58329786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154995722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     96665936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     58329786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    154995722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     96665936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     58329786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    154995722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.199438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3452354.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 821546.281690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1565613.353535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3452354.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 821546.281690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1565613.353535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3452354.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 821546.281690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1565613.353535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          341                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         112045                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        46.900377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.135702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   173.567594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1855.296704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.084750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.905907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          393                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   393                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          327                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 341                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13815728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    303338995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     317154723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13815728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    303338995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      317154723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13815728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    303338995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     317154723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.454167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.464578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.454167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.464578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.454167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.464578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 986837.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 927642.186544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930072.501466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 986837.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 927642.186544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 930072.501466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 986837.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 927642.186544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 930072.501466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 72                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      72                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12586528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    274624823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287211351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12586528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    274624823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    287211351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12586528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    274624823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    287211351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.454167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.464578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.454167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.464578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.454167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.464578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 899037.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 839831.262997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842262.026393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 899037.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 839831.262997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842262.026393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 899037.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 839831.262997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842262.026393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                           99                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.077056                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         128853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        60.015370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.077056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.226221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    32.238574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1951.535205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.010364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.015741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.952898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks             89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                  89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                  99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                   99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                  99                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104507967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     64029631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     168537598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104507967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     64029631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      168537598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104507967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     64029631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     168537598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total              89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.199438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.256477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.255155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.255155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3732427.392857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 901825.788732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1702399.979798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3732427.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 901825.788732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1702399.979798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3732427.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 901825.788732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1702399.979798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 58                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      58                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    102040370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     57760639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    159801009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    102040370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     57760639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    159801009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    102040370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     57760639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    159801009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.199438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3644298.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 813530.126761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1614151.606061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3644298.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 813530.126761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1614151.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3644298.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 813530.126761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1614151.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          522                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2043.662469                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                          86028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        33.526111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks         120.731882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.215024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   225.511646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1685.203918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.058951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.005964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.110113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.822853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.997882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            371                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 371                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          326                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   326                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          502                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 515                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8561815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    438712130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     447273945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     32131220                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32131220                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8561815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    470843350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      479405165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8561815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    470843350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     479405165                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          371                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             371                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              37                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.587863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.594527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.606280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.612366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.606280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.612366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 658601.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 943466.946237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935719.550209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 868411.351351                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 868411.351351                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 658601.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 937934.960159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 930883.815534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 658601.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 937934.960159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 930883.815534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                278                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     278                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7420415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    397885130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    405305545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     28882620                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28882620                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7420415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    426767750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    434188165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7420415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    426767750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    434188165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.587863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.606280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.612366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.606280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.612366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 570801.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 855666.946237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847919.550209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 780611.351351                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 780611.351351                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 570801.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 850134.960159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843083.815534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 570801.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 850134.960159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843083.815534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          339                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         112033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        46.934646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.127180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   171.566990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1857.305830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.083773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.906888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            116                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 116                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          383                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   383                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          325                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 339                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14622924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    313962389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     328585313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14622924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    313962389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      328585313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14622924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    313962389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     328585313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          116                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             116                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.469529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.469529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.469529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1044494.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 966038.120000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969278.209440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1044494.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 966038.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 969278.209440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1044494.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 966038.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 969278.209440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 72                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      72                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13393629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    285417582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    298811211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13393629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    285417582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    298811211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13393629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    285417582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    298811211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 956687.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 878207.944615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       881449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 956687.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 878207.944615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       881449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 956687.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 878207.944615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       881449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                           99                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.077028                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         128853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        60.015370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.077028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    21.229944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    32.231472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1951.538583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.010366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.015738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.952900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks             89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                  89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                  99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                   99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                  99                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     97913168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     62860618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     160773786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     97913168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     62860618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      160773786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     97913168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     62860618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     160773786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total              89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.199438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.256477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.255155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.255155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3496898.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 885360.816901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1623977.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3496898.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 885360.816901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1623977.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3496898.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 885360.816901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1623977.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 58                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      58                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     95454549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56626491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    152081040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     95454549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56626491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    152081040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     95454549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56626491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    152081040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.199438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3409091.035714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 797556.211268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1536172.121212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3409091.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 797556.211268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1536172.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3409091.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 797556.211268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1536172.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          193                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2046.777335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         132713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        59.220437                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.210457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    18.532499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    83.997925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1864.036453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.009049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.041015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.910174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          378                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   379                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 192                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48171827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    174319073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     222490900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48171827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    174319073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      222490900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48171827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    174319073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     222490900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.309392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.307692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.336252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.307692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.336252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2007159.458333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1037613.529762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1158806.770833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2007159.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1037613.529762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1158806.770833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2007159.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1037613.529762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1158806.770833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                114                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     114                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     46064040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    159564737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    205628777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     46064040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    159564737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    205628777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     46064040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    159564737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    205628777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.309392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1919335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 949790.101190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1070983.213542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1919335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 949790.101190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1070983.213542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1919335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 949790.101190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1070983.213542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          511                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2043.330665                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          86011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        33.676977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks         121.522551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.193959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   221.364491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1688.249665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.059337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.005954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.108088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.824341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.997720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            364                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 364                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          316                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   316                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          492                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 505                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12418997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    447444097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     459863094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     36255209                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     36255209                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12418997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    483699306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      496118303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12418997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    483699306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     496118303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          364                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             364                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.589610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.596424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.608911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.615104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.608911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.615104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 955307.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 985559.685022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 984717.546039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 954084.447368                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 954084.447368                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 955307.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 983128.670732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 982412.481188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 955307.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 983128.670732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 982412.481188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                274                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     274                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11277548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    407661146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    418938694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     32916267                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32916267                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11277548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    440577413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    451854961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11277548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    440577413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    451854961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.589610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.596424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.608911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.608911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 867503.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 897932.039648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 897084.997859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 866217.552632                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866217.552632                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 867503.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 895482.546748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 894762.299010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 867503.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 895482.546748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 894762.299010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.086162                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         115815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        53.053138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.086162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.627430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    60.610677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1944.761893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.006654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.029595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.949591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12506079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     97047438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     109553517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12506079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     97047438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      109553517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12506079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     97047438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     109553517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.328467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 893291.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 802044.942149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 811507.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 893291.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 802044.942149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 811507.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 893291.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 802044.942149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 811507.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11276879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     86420008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97696887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11276879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     86420008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97696887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11276879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     86420008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97696887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 805491.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 714214.942149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723680.644444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 805491.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 714214.942149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723680.644444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 805491.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 714214.942149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723680.644444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              556.132490                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750118579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1346711.991023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.132490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.021046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         110747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        110747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       110764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       110764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  715                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              281231244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             289630.529351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   100.466915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   155.533085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.392449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.607551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       280546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         433484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        433484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310889262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1310889262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310889262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1310889262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310889262                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1310889262                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       283243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486054.602151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 486054.602151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486054.602151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 486054.602151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486054.602151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 486054.602151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329872181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    329872181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329872181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    329872181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329872181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    329872181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461359.693706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461359.693706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461359.693706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461359.693706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461359.693706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461359.693706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              556.134143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              750118894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1346712.556553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.134143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.021048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       111062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       111062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         111062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       111062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        111062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15320963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15320963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15320963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15320963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15320963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15320963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       111079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       111079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       111079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       111079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       111079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 901233.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 901233.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 901233.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 901233.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 901233.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 901233.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12790712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12790712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12790712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12790712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12790712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12790712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 913622.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 913622.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 913622.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 913622.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 913622.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 913622.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  719                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              281232291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  975                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             288443.375385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   100.525890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   155.474110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.392679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.607321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       281261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        281261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       153270                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       153270                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       434531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         434531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       434531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        434531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1297146059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1297146059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1297146059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1297146059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1297146059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1297146059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       283959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       153270                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       153270                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       437229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       437229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       437229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       437229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 480780.600074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 480780.600074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 480780.600074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 480780.600074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 480780.600074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 480780.600074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1979                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1979                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    327486023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    327486023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    327486023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    327486023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    327486023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    327486023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 455474.301808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455474.301808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 455474.301808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455474.301808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 455474.301808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455474.301808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              501.077571                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              732331444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1444440.717949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.077571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.030573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       116295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       116295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         116295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       116295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        116295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79867252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79867252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79867252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79867252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79867252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79867252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       116334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       116334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       116334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       116334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       116334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2047878.256410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2047878.256410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2047878.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2047878.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2047878.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2047878.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     46353441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46353441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     46353441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46353441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     46353441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46353441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1854137.640000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1854137.640000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1854137.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1854137.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1854137.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1854137.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  555                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              115433656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  811                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             142334.964242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   161.129709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    94.870291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.629413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.370587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        80109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        67157                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67157                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          156                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          156                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         147266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        147266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    752037353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    752037353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     34079857                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34079857                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    786117210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    786117210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    786117210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    786117210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        81937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        67220                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67220                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          156                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       149157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       149157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.022310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 411398.989606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 411398.989606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 540950.111111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 540950.111111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 415715.076679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 415715.076679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 415715.076679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 415715.076679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       511191                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       511191                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    198099428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    198099428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    198291728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    198291728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    198291728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    198291728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 358226.813743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 358226.813743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 356639.798561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 356639.798561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 356639.798561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 356639.798561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              477.417692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              735287428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1516056.552577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    22.417692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.035926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.765092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       126587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       126587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         126587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       126587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        126587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    160993990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    160993990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    160993990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    160993990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    160993990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    160993990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       126628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       126628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       126628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       126628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       126628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3926682.682927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3926682.682927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3926682.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3926682.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3926682.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3926682.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1614971                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 269161.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    111009664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111009664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    111009664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    111009664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    111009664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    111009664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3700322.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3700322.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3700322.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3700322.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3700322.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3700322.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  360                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              106638475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             173114.407468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   131.754838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   124.245162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.514667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.485333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        99341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        73046                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73046                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       172387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         172387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       172387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        172387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total          937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total          937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    198377064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    198377064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       542462                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542462                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    198919526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    198919526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    198919526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    198919526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       100271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        73053                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73053                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       173324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       173324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       173324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       173324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 213308.670968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 213308.670968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 77494.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77494.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 212294.051227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 212294.051227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 212294.051227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 212294.051227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     84108551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84108551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       133331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     84241882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84241882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     84241882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84241882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 234940.086592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234940.086592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 66665.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66665.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 234005.227778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234005.227778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 234005.227778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234005.227778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              477.413474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              735286973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1516055.614433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.413474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.035919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.765086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       126132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       126132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         126132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       126132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        126132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    146492934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146492934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    146492934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146492934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    146492934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146492934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       126173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       126173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       126173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       126173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       126173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3572998.390244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3572998.390244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3572998.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3572998.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3572998.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3572998.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2268425                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       453685                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100583866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100583866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100583866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100583866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100583866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100583866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3352795.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3352795.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3352795.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3352795.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3352795.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3352795.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              106637869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             173677.311075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   131.509173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   124.490827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.513708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.486292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        98994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        72791                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72791                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       171785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         171785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       171785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        171785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    195998094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    195998094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       542791                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542791                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    196540885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    196540885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    196540885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    196540885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        99918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        72798                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72798                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       172716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       172716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       172716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       172716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 212119.149351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 212119.149351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 77541.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77541.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 211107.287863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 211107.287863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 211107.287863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 211107.287863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     83519884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83519884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       133378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     83653262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83653262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     83653262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83653262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 234606.415730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234606.415730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        66689                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66689                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 233668.329609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233668.329609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 233668.329609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233668.329609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              477.409850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              735286809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1516055.276289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.409850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.035913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.765080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         125968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        125968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    161957243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    161957243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    161957243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    161957243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    161957243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    161957243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       126010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       126010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       126010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       126010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       126010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3856124.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3856124.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3856124.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3856124.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3856124.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3856124.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2896866                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       482811                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    110395220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110395220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    110395220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    110395220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    110395220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    110395220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3679840.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3679840.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3679840.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3679840.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3679840.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3679840.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              106637656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             173676.964169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   131.519858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   124.480142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.513749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.486251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        98874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        72698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       171572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         171572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       171572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        171572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    202729238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    202729238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       542014                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542014                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    203271252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    203271252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    203271252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    203271252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        99798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        72705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       172503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       172503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       172503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       172503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 219403.937229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 219403.937229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 77430.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77430.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 218336.468314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218336.468314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 218336.468314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218336.468314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     84815650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84815650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       133267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     84948917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84948917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     84948917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84948917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 238246.207865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238246.207865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 66633.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66633.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 237287.477654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237287.477654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 237287.477654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237287.477654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              477.430602                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              735287410                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1516056.515464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.430602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.035946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.765113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       126569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       126569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         126569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       126569                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        126569                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    153925108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153925108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    153925108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    153925108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    153925108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    153925108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       126609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       126609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       126609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       126609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       126609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3848127.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3848127.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3848127.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3848127.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3848127.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3848127.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2243660                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 373943.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    104962821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104962821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    104962821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104962821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    104962821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104962821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3498760.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3498760.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3498760.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3498760.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3498760.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3498760.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  360                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              106638457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             173114.378247                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   131.747518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   124.252482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.514639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.485361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        99330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        73039                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73039                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       172369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         172369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       172369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        172369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total          937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total          937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    192638505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    192638505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       542483                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542483                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    193180988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    193180988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    193180988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    193180988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       100260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        73046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       173306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       173306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       173306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       173306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 207138.177419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 207138.177419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 77497.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77497.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 206169.677695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 206169.677695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 206169.677695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 206169.677695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     81158269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81158269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       133334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     81291603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81291603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     81291603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81291603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 226699.075419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226699.075419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        66667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 225810.008333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225810.008333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 225810.008333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225810.008333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              477.380439                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              735286958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1516055.583505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    22.380439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.035866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.765033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       126117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       126117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         126117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       126117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        126117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    145016481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145016481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    145016481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    145016481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    145016481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    145016481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       126157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       126157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       126157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       126157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       126157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3625412.025000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3625412.025000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3625412.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3625412.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3625412.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3625412.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2250436                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 450087.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     99486086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99486086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     99486086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     99486086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     99486086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     99486086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3316202.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3316202.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3316202.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3316202.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3316202.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3316202.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              106637852                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             173677.283388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   131.355736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   124.644264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.513108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.486892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        98985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        72783                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72783                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       171768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         171768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       171768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        171768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    200264068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    200264068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       542392                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542392                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    200806460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    200806460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    200806460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    200806460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        99909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        72790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       172699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       172699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       172699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       172699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 216736.004329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 216736.004329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 77484.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77484.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 215689.001074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 215689.001074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 215689.001074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 215689.001074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     83597139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83597139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       133321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     83730460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83730460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     83730460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83730460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 234823.424157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234823.424157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 66660.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66660.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 233883.966480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233883.966480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 233883.966480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233883.966480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              556.134590                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              750118598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1346712.025135                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.134590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.021049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       110766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       110766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         110766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       110766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        110766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     15786449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15786449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     15786449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15786449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     15786449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15786449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       110782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       110782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       110782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       110782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       110782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 986653.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 986653.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 986653.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 986653.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 986653.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 986653.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13933020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13933020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13933020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13933020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13933020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13933020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 995215.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 995215.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 995215.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 995215.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 995215.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 995215.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  719                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              281231470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  975                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             288442.533333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   100.528864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   155.471136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.392691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.607309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       280666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       153044                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       153044                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       433710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         433710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       433710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        433710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1325062148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1325062148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1325062148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1325062148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1325062148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1325062148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       283355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       153044                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       153044                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       436399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       436399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 492771.345482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 492771.345482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 492771.345482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 492771.345482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 492771.345482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 492771.345482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    332702178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    332702178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    332702178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    332702178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    332702178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    332702178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 462086.358333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462086.358333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 462086.358333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462086.358333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 462086.358333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462086.358333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              477.428258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              735287176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1516056.032990                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.428258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.035943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.765109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         126335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        126335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    153446324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153446324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    153446324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    153446324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    153446324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    153446324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       126375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       126375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3836158.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3836158.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3836158.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3836158.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3836158.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3836158.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2255601                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 375933.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104869826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104869826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104869826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104869826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104869826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104869826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3495660.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3495660.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3495660.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3495660.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3495660.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3495660.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              106638162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             173677.788274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   131.671233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   124.328767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.514341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.485659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        99160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        72914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       172074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         172074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       172074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        172074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    194724349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194724349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       542751                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542751                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    195267100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    195267100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    195267100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    195267100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       100084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       173005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       173005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       173005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       173005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 210740.637446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 210740.637446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 77535.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77535.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 209739.097744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 209739.097744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 209739.097744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 209739.097744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83062587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83062587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       133396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83195983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83195983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83195983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83195983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 233321.873596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233321.873596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        66698                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66698                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 232391.013966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232391.013966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 232391.013966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232391.013966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              501.594631                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              735383488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1464907.346614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.594631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.020184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst        92501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         92501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst        92501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total          92501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst        92501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total         92501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9665320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9665320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9665320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9665320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9665320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9665320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst        92518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        92518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst        92518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total        92518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst        92518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total        92518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 568548.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 568548.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 568548.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 568548.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 568548.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 568548.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8670315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8670315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8670315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8670315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8670315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8670315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 666947.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 666947.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 666947.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 666947.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 666947.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 666947.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  828                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              122566011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1084                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             113068.275830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   182.173289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    73.826711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.711614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.288386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        69856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         69856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        56140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        56140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          112                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          112                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       125996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         125996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       125996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        125996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1204960189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1204960189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    294310782                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    294310782                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1499270971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1499270971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1499270971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1499270971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        71848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        71848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        56461                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        56461                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       128309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       128309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       128309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       128309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.027725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.018027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.018027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 604899.693273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 604899.693273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 916856.018692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 916856.018692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 648193.242974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 648193.242974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 648193.242974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 648193.242974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1485                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1485                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    464441286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    464441286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     32438320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32438320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    496879606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    496879606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    496879606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    496879606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000655                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000655                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 587157.125158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 587157.125158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 876711.351351                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876711.351351                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 600096.142512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 600096.142512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 600096.142512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 600096.142512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              556.126068                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              750117028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1346709.206463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.126068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.021035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       109196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        109196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       109196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         109196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       109196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        109196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17942217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17942217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17942217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17942217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17942217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17942217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       109213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       109213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       109213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       109213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       109213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       109213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1055424.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1055424.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1055424.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1055424.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1055424.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1055424.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14739970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14739970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14739970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14739970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14739970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14739970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1052855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1052855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1052855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1052855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1052855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1052855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  708                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              281228815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  964                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             291731.135892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   100.392124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   155.607876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.392157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.607843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       279139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        279139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       151920                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       151920                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           76                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           76                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           72                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           72                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       431059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         431059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       431059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        431059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2648                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2648                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1405302855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1405302855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1405302855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1405302855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1405302855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1405302855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       281787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       281787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       151920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       151920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           76                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           72                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       433707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       433707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       433707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       433707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 530703.495091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 530703.495091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 530703.495091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 530703.495091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 530703.495091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 530703.495091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          116                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             116                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1940                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1940                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    342707044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    342707044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    342707044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    342707044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    342707044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    342707044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 484049.497175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 484049.497175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 484049.497175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 484049.497175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 484049.497175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 484049.497175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              477.431781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              735287157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1516055.993814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.431781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.035948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.765115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       126316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       126316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         126316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       126316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        126316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    143069888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    143069888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    143069888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    143069888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    143069888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    143069888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       126357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       126357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       126357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       126357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       126357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3489509.463415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3489509.463415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3489509.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3489509.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3489509.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3489509.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2270615                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 378435.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     98274901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98274901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     98274901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98274901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     98274901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98274901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3275830.033333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3275830.033333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3275830.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3275830.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3275830.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3275830.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              106638142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             173677.755700                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   131.649241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   124.350759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.514255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.485745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        99146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        72908                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72908                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       172054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         172054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       172054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        172054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    193712121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    193712121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       542273                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542273                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    194254394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    194254394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    194254394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    194254394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       100070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72915                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72915                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       172985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       172985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       172985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       172985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 209645.152597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 209645.152597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 77467.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77467.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 208651.336198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 208651.336198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 208651.336198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 208651.336198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     81893166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81893166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       133304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     82026470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82026470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     82026470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82026470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 230036.983146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 230036.983146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        66652                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66652                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 229124.217877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229124.217877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 229124.217877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229124.217877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              501.028392                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              732331107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1444440.053254                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    19.028392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.030494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       115958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        115958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       115958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         115958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       115958                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        115958                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78433890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78433890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78433890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78433890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78433890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78433890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       115995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       115995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       115995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       115995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       115995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       115995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2119834.864865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2119834.864865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2119834.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2119834.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2119834.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2119834.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48441913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48441913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48441913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48441913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48441913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48441913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1937676.520000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1937676.520000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1937676.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1937676.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1937676.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1937676.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  546                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              115433078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  802                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             143931.518703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   160.681105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    95.318895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.627661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.372339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        79796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        66896                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66896                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       146692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         146692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       146692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        146692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    762703092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    762703092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     23454105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23454105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    786157197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    786157197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    786157197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    786157197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        81595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        66959                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66959                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       148554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       148554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.022048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000941                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000941                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 423959.473041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423959.473041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 372287.380952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 372287.380952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 422211.169173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 422211.169173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 422211.169173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 422211.169173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       526993                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       526993                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1316                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1316                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    200387913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200387913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    200580213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200580213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    200580213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200580213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 369038.513812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 369038.513812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 367363.027473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 367363.027473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 367363.027473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 367363.027473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              501.569349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              735381760                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1464903.904382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.569349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.020143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst        90773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst        90773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total          90773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst        90773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total         90773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     18072305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18072305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     18072305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18072305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     18072305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18072305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst        90793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst        90793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total        90793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst        90793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total        90793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 903615.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 903615.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 903615.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 903615.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 903615.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 903615.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12526897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12526897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12526897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12526897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12526897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12526897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 963607.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 963607.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 963607.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 963607.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 963607.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 963607.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  806                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              122563532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1062                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             115408.222222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   181.418697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    74.581303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.708667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.291333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        68556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        54968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       123524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         123524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       123524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        123524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1257021979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1257021979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    308825610                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    308825610                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1565847589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1565847589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1565847589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1565847589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        70513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55289                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55289                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       125802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       125802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       125802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       125802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.027754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005806                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005806                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.018108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.018108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 642320.888605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 642320.888605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 962073.551402                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 962073.551402                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 687378.221686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 687378.221686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 687378.221686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 687378.221686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1470                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1470                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    471230669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    471230669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     36570609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36570609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    507801278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    507801278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    507801278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    507801278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000687                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000687                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 611987.881818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 611987.881818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 962384.447368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 962384.447368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 628466.928218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 628466.928218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 628466.928218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 628466.928218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              488.626317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              731814937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1496554.063395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.626317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.021837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         121271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        121271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     16321562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16321562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     16321562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16321562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     16321562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16321562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       121292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       121292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       121292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       121292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       121292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 777217.238095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 777217.238095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 777217.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 777217.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 777217.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 777217.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12622279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12622279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12622279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12622279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12622279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12622279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 901591.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 901591.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 901591.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 901591.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 901591.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 901591.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              110541984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             169283.283308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   144.770651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   111.229349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.565510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.434490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        82044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        68470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       150514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         150514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       150514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        150514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    443752644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    443752644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    443752644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    443752644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    443752644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    443752644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        83357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        68470                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68470                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       151827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       151827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 337968.502666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337968.502666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 337968.502666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 337968.502666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 337968.502666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 337968.502666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    115901293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115901293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    115901293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    115901293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    115901293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    115901293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 291942.803526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291942.803526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 291942.803526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291942.803526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 291942.803526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291942.803526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
